                 The Life and Times of Taliesin Pendragon

I was born at an early age.  I was so shocked, I didn't speak for two years.

When my dad found out I had attacked an animal with psi he got so angry he
hit the ceiling, knocking chunks right out.  It was the first time he got
plastered without going to Rosie's.  My father eventually died from ale.  A
case of it fell on his head, killing him.  That's why I don't drink alcohol.

My father followed the healing profession.  He was an undertaker.

All in all, a tragic childhood.  It's tragic because there is so little for 
me to talk about.  Unlike many in the realms who have no knowledge of their 
past, I come from an old Andor family.  It's so old, it's been condemned.

I used to think my father was a weaver, from all the time he spent at the 
spinning wheel.  Until he put our life savings on red and lost.  We were 
quite poor after that.  One night a burglar broke into our house, and all he 
got was practice. I lived in a tough neighborhood. It was so tough we played 
cops and robbers with real cops.  When other kids were rubbing off 
blackboards we were rubbing out teachers. 

Like everyone, I hated the taste of babich root.  But I ate it so I'd grow up 
big and strong enough to refuse it.

As a healer, I enjoy my work. I think the best moments are when I get to 
deliver babies.  I delivered Queen Zorha's girl, Liriama.  And Heart and 
Lianna's child, Larksong.  It was a long delivery, but the mother's fine, the 
father's fine and the baby's doing, well, what baby's do.

I struggled a lot as a child, especially when mother tried to clean my ears.
When I was a baby I fell from the crib, but fortunately I broke the fall with 
my head.  Perhaps that's what led to my being a psi.  I liked playing jacks 
as a child.  Jacks or better.  That was before people found out I knew 
clairvoyance. Then I played dead so they'd stop hitting me.

I've had my beard since I was six.  People are always surprised at that, 
but there's a perfectly good reason: I didn't know how to shave.

I charge 500 gold for surgery.  1000 if I have to use my sharp knives.
I always use a local anesthetic.  The imported anesthetic costs too much.

As a child, I wanted to practice magic.  I even cut my sister in half. After 
that my half-sisters made me give it up. 

Brook tried to tell me he was a painless healer.  Don't believe him.  You 
should have heard him yell when I bit his hand!

I ate breakfast raw.  I ate lunch raw.  But for dinner, they made me get 
dressed.

At 15, I ran away from home and became a shepherd.  This lasted for about a 
week, when I got fired.  It seems that every time I took inventory I fell 
asleep.





