Rain:

The following describes the backstory I've constructed for 
Taliesin. I revise it now and then, but it isn't really
polished. Neither Taliesin nor anyone else in the realms knows
this story. I've taken out part of the Thinra timeline, it is 
described in another message I am sending you. 

Dave Goodman (Taliesin Pendragon)
dgoodman@infoway.com
(415)898-9177

                    The Star Crossed Mage


Since the war with Gadfrazal, I've had strange dreams, or
visions. They seem to be of two different realms. Once set of
visions take place in the village Syforthe, situated on one of
the planet's three points where lines of magical force
intersect. The Syforthe nexus was known throughout civilization
as a peak power center, and was home to a group of powerful
mages.  They were of mixed ages and backgrounds, who had sworn
their lives to each other, sharing their knowledge and
friendship. 

The two mightiest of the mages were Archaimbaud and Evangeliste.  
They had grown up together, taught each other, supported each
other.  After a time, their friendship had turned to love, and
then marriage. 

Arch and Eva seemed the perfect couple.  Mothers wanted their
children to be like them, and young girls played with Arch and
Eva dolls.  Their love for each other was a delight to behold, a 
magical relationship like none other. The villagers were sure
their children would be very special. 

After two years of marriage, though, people noticed that
something was amiss. The joy and levity that were Arch and Eva
lost its vitality.  There were rumors of another man ... or
another woman.  Perhaps some dark secret from their past.  The
rumors were false, but not the sadness of dashed hopes. And
surely there was nothing wrong with the virile Archaimbaud? 

Archaimbaud and Evangeliste tried and tried to become parents.
They consulted sages, mages, their priests and their parents,
but no answers were forthcoming.  Nor any children. 

Both of them had planned on a large family, and were distraught
at their misfortune.  At first they denied that anything was
wrong.  Then they blamed the food, the water, the weather,
anything they could turn to.  Some said that their power at
magic had drained them of the vitality needed to procreate. 

Remedy after remedy was explored, but to no avail.  Incredibly,
they even gave up magic for a time, but it didn't help.  They
told themselves that they really didn't need children in their
lives, but neither one believed it. They became increasingly
depressed and bitter. 

With the joy gone from their marriage, and no hope of children,
Archaimbaud and Evangeliste separated.  It was a sad thing to
behold, a sadness shared by their friends.  Arch lost all
interest in those things once held dear.  His friends worried
about him, and advised that he try a change of environment to
regain his spirits.  Seeing no harm in that, he packed his few
belongings and left the village. 

Arch was gone for months, and the village was quiet without him.  
Evangeliste was hardly seen, becoming more and more withdrawn
with every passing month. She aged 10 years in 10 months, her
bright red hair turning gray and dull. Those who spoke with her
reported how bitter and spiteful she was now.  There was dark
whispering about vegetation dying and animals mutilated near her 
home. 

A year passed, then two, without sight of Archaimbaud.
Occasionally itinerant peddlers would report seeing him in far-
off lands, often in the company of a beautiful woman.  Then,
nearly five years after he left, Archaimbaud returned.  Word
spread quickly, and people streamed from their homes to greet
their old friend and hear his tales.  Arch was back! 

Archaimbaud looked great.  He was fit and glowing with life, his 
grin visible to the far end of the village.  But what fascinated 
everyone was the woman with him.  Her hair fell down her back
like a cascade of golden light, and she had bright blue eyes
with a permanent twinkle that made you blink.  Her full lips
were sensual and alive, frequently leaping into a blinding
smile, and her laugh would make you grin despite yourself. 

Archaimbaud introduced her as Cherianne. The men couldn't take
their eyes from her, but the women noticed another thing of
wonder: along with Archaimbaud and Cherianne were three lovely,
bouncy children. 

"Yes," said Archaimbaud, "the children are mine.  Please meet my 
eldest son, Timotheus. And this is Clarabelle, and Mathaeus." 

The village swept Arch and his family into the village inn,
there to feast his return.  Food and spirits flowed freely, and
cheers filled the room with joy.  Objects flew, twinkled and
animated as mages showed off their wonders. 

Suddenly though, the cheers died like a flame going out as a
gloom fell over them.  All eyes turned to the entrance, and
there glowering in the archway stood Evangeliste.  Gasps were
torn from every mouth at the sight of the once-lovely
Evangeliste, now a soured, frightening crone. 

"YOU!" she screamed, pointing at Archaimbaud.  "HOW DARE YOU
BRING THAT WOMAN INTO OUR VILLAGE!"  And so saying, she cast a
bolt of crimson lightning at Archaimbaud, catching him on the
chin.  He was thrown across the room, there to slide down a
wall, sagging onto the floorboards, his lower face a charred
ruin.  Face contorted in fury, Evangeliste stormed out of the
inn and headed for home, a trail of fire burning in her wake. 

A terrible sound of thunder and rumbling drew the villagers into 
the street, to face the hillside Evangeliste called home.  As
they watched, the very earth and stone of the hill turned
molten, crusts of the land tilting and reaching into the air to
form a castle of volcanic rock.  The sky darkened with smoke, a
gruesome green glow outlining the darkness of the castle. 

Like a collapsing star, Evangeliste's power grew in intensity as 
her anger condensed, darkening the entire area.  The air
thickened and hummed with her hatred.  People were sickened in
body and spirit.  Evangeliste had become a blight upon the land, 
the barrenness of her womb taking her spirit until she was
barren of feeling, of compassion, of humanity itself. 

The mages of the village joined forces to overcome Evangeliste.  
Together, they marched on her castle, forming a circle at its
base.  They summoned a meteor to strike the castle, but as it
streaked from the storm clouds above, a sickly violet glow
emanated from the castle, forming a ghostly dome.  The meteor
struck the dome and incinerated itself in a blast of sparks and
dust, leaving the castle unscathed. 

The mages drew big blue bolts of lightning from the sky, merging 
them into a massive arc of woven light, building in intensity
that writhed and crackled until they finally unleashed it upon
the looming edifice.  But the lightning was absorbed by the
dome, seeming even to strengthen it. 

Finally, the weary mages set their palms upon the ground,
summoning a shock wave of heaving earth.  The quake rolled
towards the castle like a serpent, heaving trees and boulders as 
it went until it struck the castle's unearthly dome.  The dome
reflected the quake, dispersing it into ripples of land that
expanded from the castle like ripples in a pond. 

A bellow drew their eyes to Evangeliste's hideous form in the
castle tower's window.  Grasping the castle walls, she shouted
an unknown spell.  At its completion, vampire bats began
emerging from the tower, flying in an unending stream.  They
spread out across the sky in a sheet of fluttering black leather 
and fur.  Ultrasonic shrieks, normally inaudible, collided with
each other, forming harmonics that resonated in the village
buildings and people. 

Swooping over the land, the bats consumed all exposed insects
and fruit. Without bees and other insects, the birds would
starve and the plants would go un-pollinated, laid barren by the 
bats.  Their guano covered the village in an explosive slime,
and they descended on anything that moved, seeking open wounds
to quench their awful thirst. 

The people of Syforthe were driven from the village, and made
their way to the nearby town of Riversend to heal and regroup.
They formed a war council to determine a course of action.
Evangeliste must be stopped.

In her fury at this turn of events, Evangeliste drew upon evil
powers and created a dark castle, impervious to attack, from
which she unleashed a plague of bats upon the village and lands. 


                           * * * 

The other visions take place in a desert wasteland:

The man was tall, his skin burned and darkened from days and
days of wandering the desert wastes.  His hair was long, greasy
and tangled in mats, as was his beard.  His eyes blazed with
madness, drool escaping from chapped, broken lips onto clothes
torn and tattered.  He saw without seeing, heard without
hearing, moving by the whim of some internal reflex, without
intelligence. 

The desert had been the man's whole world for days on end, until 
a spot of color appeared at the horizon.  He headed towards it
without heading for it, the spot growing in his sight until it
revealed a desert oasis of trees and water.  Nomads had pitched
tent there. 

The Shazraadi, for such the nomads called themselves, were an
ancient tribe who lived off the land and revered it for its gods 
and its bounty.  They traveled from place to place, grazing
their herds and trading at the towns they visited.  Although a
seemingly simple people, secretly they trained in magic,
medicine and mentalism. 

Shalana was tending herd when she saw the man.  She was tall and 
slender, and had finally attained adulthood, but even so he
towered over her.  There's something wrong with him, she
thought.  He was in terrible shape, a victim of the desert.  But 
that wasn't it, she saw many men like that.  It was something
else.  His eyes! 

The man's gaze didn't wander over her, the way most men's did on 
seeing her delightful form.  If fact, he seemed to be gazing
blanky into space.  She wanted to probe him, but knew she'd get
in trouble if she did.  Instead, she summoned an elemental to
guard the herd and took the man to their camp. 

Old women in hooded robes peered at the man with Shalana and
snickered to each other.  "Look how tall he is!" one whispered
loudly.  "I bet he picks coconuts without climbing the tree!
He's taller than our tallest man!"  Of course, the Shazraadi
were a short people, but they didn't think so. 

"Shalana only comes up to his ... belt!" one woman exclaimed. 

"Look at his eyes.  He is surely mad.  How could he cross the
desert like that, by himself?" 

The nomads were in awe of the man.  He was a head above the
tallest of them, with a madness that was surely the hand of the
gods.  A man with so little sanity left couldn't be capable of
crossing the desert and surviving, could he?  It was surely a
sign.  They named him Thinra'al Zamfirna: Madman of the Wastes. 

The Shazraadi took him in.  They fed and healed him, treating
him for exposure.  Their language was strange to Thinra, but his 
own was lost from his memory.  They taught him their language,
the healers teaching him their ways as well.  

After months of care, Thinra recovered his health.  He was
strong, fit and well groomed.  The madness in his eyes had eased 
as he began regaining his sanity and his humanity.  He travelled 
with the Shazraadi, tending to their animals and stitching their 
tents and desert garb. 

Thinra was approached by a hooded figure.  He was shrunken with
age, and the beard that fell to his feet was quite gray, but the 
wrinkled face within the hood was alight with wisdom and humor. 

"I am the Hodja," said the man.  "The eldest of the elders.  In
our tribe, it is the hodja who keeps alive the old traditions.
A hodja is trained in all skills known to the tribe, and is both 
teacher and storyteller.  My people come to me for advice and
blessings and training.  You are now one of us, my friend.
Please seek me if I may be of aid." 

The Hodja leaned on his gnarled, well-worn staff and said, "But
be not alarmed if I sometimes test or task you.  It is our way."  
He winked at Thinra. 

Thinra nodded.  "I thank you for all your help and kindness," he 
said. 

"Do not thank me yet," replied the Hodja, smirking. 

"Have you lived here your entire life?" asked Thinra.  "Not
yet!" replied the Hodja, giggling. 

                            * * *

It was obvious that Evangeliste had access to formidable powers.  
Her dark fury and her location on a power nexus had resulted in
a force of evil that was unprecedented.  Her castle was
impervious with her inside, yet she could not be defeated while
it stood.  All attacks on the castle were rebuffed by the
magical dome that shielded it. 

The council contacted mages in every land seeking advice on how
to defeat Evangeliste.  There were no easy answers, but they
were able to glean a clue here and an idea there, combining them 
to formulate an attack with a chance of succeeding. 

The mages were unaccustomed to battles of this magnitude, and
unsure of the methods they had chosen, so they created several
backup plans as well.  As long as one of the strategies worked,
they could restore the lands to their former beauty. 

The main goal was to somehow remove Eva from her castle.
Without that, there was no hope.  Their attempts to magically
summon or translocate her had not worked, so they planned on
ways to get inside the castle and use a Bend Space spell to
displace her from inside. 

Using ritual magic and the combined forces of the most powerful
mages available, they crafted a small set of artifacts for that
purpose.  Charging the objects was a terrible drain on the
mages, requiring that they rest and recharge for several days
after each one before charging the next. 

Once done, they met to decide who'd be the one to enter the
castle on what was assumed to be a suicide mission.  Archaimbaud 
was there, having been tended to by his new wife Cherianne, a
talented healer.  His jawbone had fused together, and his skin
had sealed.  All that was left of Eva's attack on him was a
grotesque scar across his jaw. Archaimbaud ached to be the
volunteer, but his family took precedence. 

The council selected Sigismundo to press the attack.  He was an
incredibly powerful mage and psi of long standing, and he was a
bachelor.  The council brought out the artifacts, and cast a
Death Sigil upon each one.  Once touched by Sigismundo, they
would be tuned to him and would bring instant death to anyone
else who touched them. 

They took turns offering their thanks and advice to Sigismundo.  
While finishing their toasts, a horse came galloping up, and a
trader dashed into the room out of breath. 

"Archaimbaud! Archaimbaud! I have terrible news!" he cried. "Oh, 
Archaimbaud! Come ... come outside." 

The council came out to investigate, and cried at what they
beheld.  Laying in the trader's cart were the remains of
Cherianne.  Archaimbaud rushed to her side, oblivious to all
around him. Cherianne's once lovely face had been slashed and
her body eviscerated. Life was fading from her rapidly. 

"Arch," she gasped, in whispered pain.  "Oh, Arch, the children! 
She took the children!" 

"WHAT?" he cried. 

"I tried ... I tried to stop her.  I c-couldn't.  Please forgive 
me." Cherianne paused a moment, her eyes closing.  Life was
draining from her face as they watched.  Eyes still closed, a
final phrase escaped her lips.  "I'll always love you,
Archaimbaud."  And with that she died. 

Archaimbaud clutched her lifeless body to him, hugging her, and
planted a final kiss on her paling face.  Tears ran down his
cheeks.  "No-o-o-o-o!" he howled.  "No-o-o!"  He looked up with
madness in his eyes, and then pushed his way blindly through the 
crowd to dash back inside. 

The crowd watched in amazement and shock as Archaimbaud snatched 
the orb and wands from the table.  They flashed as he touched
them, the sigils becoming tuned to his essence.  They were
useless now to anyone but him. 

The first device was a Bend Space wand, meant to take the
attacker within Evangeliste's castle.  Archaimbaud waved it,
stiffening as the spell's force flowed into him, a force forged
from the land and the essence of the council's powerful mages. 

Archaimbaud gestured into the air to activate the spell, causing 
a bubble to form around him.  His form wavered as the spell
worked to warp him into the castle, but instead he simply stayed 
in place, wavering slower and slower until it the spell lost its 
charge and faded out.  It hadn't managed to pierce the space of
the castle's mystic dome.  The spell had failed. 

Archaimbaud shook himself and charged outside.  He unlatched the 
horse from the cart, leapt upon it and galloped towards the
castle. 

The council ran to stop him, but he urged the horse on faster
and faster. They caught up with him at the castle dome where he
was leaning against a tree, meditating.  He opened his eyes at
their approach and stood before the awful violet glow of the
dome.  Slowly and calmly he walked up to it and paused, then
walked right through! 

"The dome was created to stop any attack," he explained.  "I
think that is all it was designed for.  I have meditated until
my sole desire is to enter the castle peacefully and rescue my
children.  Take care, my friends."  He walked up the ramp to the 
mouth of the castle. 

He found her in the dungeon, a dark, dank place of musty smells.  
She stood pleading before his children, each one shackled to a
chair.  "I have toys and treats for you!" she whined at
them.  "You just have to call me Mommy." 

"They will never love you, nor can you ever have them,"
Archaimbaud told her. 

"No?" she shrieked. "Then neither can you!"  She chanted a
spell, gestured at the children, and before his horrified eyes
Archaimbaud watched his children turning gray and stony. 

They cried "Daddy!" once, and then their shapes warped and
distorted until three little gargoyles sat where once had been
his loving children.  His wife dead, his children taken from
him, he was filled with more fury than he had ever experienced. 

                           * * * 

Thinra had no memory of the past, but his new life was a happy
one.  At night though, his moans would often wake the tribe.  He 
woke the elders once too often, and was sent to the shamans for
study.  They stated that his memories were lost, but not gone.
He'd find no peace until his past was found or killed, and they
didn't think him strong enough to regain his past.  With his
consent, tribal psionicists purged his memory so he could sleep
at night. 

The shamans tried teaching Thinra magic, but he seemed to have
no magical power to draw on.  He could learn a technique with
amazing ease, but failed miserably to apply it.  His psionic
energy was tremendous, so the shamans contented themselves with
teaching him psionics.  Better half a man, they figured, than
none at all.  The shamans thought little of those who couldn't
command both mental and magic power. 

                            * * *

Archaimbaud waved the second Bend Space wand, staggering as its
mighty power flowed into him.  It had been charged by the
council's strongest mages in hopes that it would have enough
force to transport Evangeliste out of her castle.  Archaimbaud
gestured at Evangeliste, causing a bubble to appear around her
within which space would be warped.  She wavered in his vision
as he waited for it to bend her space until she was somewhere
else entirely. 

While caught in the spell she was powerless to hurt him, as she
wasn't really there.  Archaimbaud ran to his children, now
immobile in their cold, granite gargoyle ugliness.  He hugged
them as he waited for Evangeliste to vanish. But she didn't!
The spell was fading, and Evangeliste hadn't disappeared. It
seemed neither she nor the castle could be destroyed while she
was in it.  As his last resort, he concentrated on the orb, and
rubbed it. 

Archaimbaud cried out in agony as the orb came alive, forming a
bubble around them.  To do its task, the orb needed immense
power, power that it drew from every available source.
Archaimbaud sagged to his knees as every ounce of mystic energy
within him was drained at once.  He felt a weakness he hadn't
felt since childhood.  His magic was gone. 

Evangeliste screamed in pain as the orb drained her of magic as
well. Outside the castle, the mages cheered as the violet dome
flickered and dimmed, its power being drawn into the orb to
power its awesome spell.  The air shimmered with the magic being 
pulled from the dome, the castle and the land beneath it.
Evangeliste had been living by the power of magic alone. Now,
she let out a moan and collapsed, her eyes rolling back into her 
head. 

The orb hummed a keening whine as if a ragged bow was pulled
across a taught celestial string.  It was vibrating, numbing
Archaimbaud's hand as he tightly grasped it, humming like a
tremendous beehive.  The colors of the room were shifting, the
light strobing off and on as sounds from the castle rose in
pitch and frequency, coming ever faster and higher. He grabbed
Evangeliste's limp hand, to ensure that she'd be caught up when
the orb released its spell. 

The orb sang its spell song higher and higher, stronger and
stronger, until Archaimbaud was sure he'd come apart from the
sound alone.  It just kept building, straining to reach some
plateau he wasn't sure it could attain.  It amazed him that it
had drained him so completely.  If he could just stop it now, he 
was sure Evangeliste would be easily defeated.  But the orb,
their last hope, was set on its path and could not be halted by
any man. 

At long last reaching its climax of charge and tension, the orb
launched its spell.  The release of power blew outward,
shattering the castle walls, which crumbled to the ground. 

The world around them seemed to quiver and animate.  Looking
outside the bubble was like looking through a lens.  Seasons
passed in instants, the land changing color and vegetation
faster than he could blink.  The rugged mountains of his village 
eroded before his eyes, losing definition and size as they
sagged into simple hills.  The humming in the bubble was
maddeningly loud. 

The orb had held a unique spell, one that never had been seen or 
used before.  It was a Bend Time spell.  Within its influence,
time stood still as it hurled them from their native time to one 
in the future.  The mages had been unable to move Evangeliste in 
space, but time was another matter. 

As the spell wore out, the bubble started slowing down.  The
orange line overhead resolved itself into the burning globe of
the sun, whizzing past once more in ever slower trajectories
until they could discern it again as a circle and not a streak. 

It had seemed like only hours to Archaimbaud, but he had
traveled thousands of years in stasis.  Now, the pulse of time
crept at its natural pace. Archaimbaud wondered what life would
be like in this new age.  For now, he and the unconscious
Evangeliste were in a foreign world.  Alone. 

                            * * *

Once the Bend Time spell ended the bubble popped.  Archaimbaud
found himself in a strange time and a strange land.  All he once 
knew was now dust, his family destroyed, his friends long dead.  
At his feet unconscious was the evil mage who had once been his
wife, who had destroyed his life and almost his village.  He was 
now in the middle of a desert wasteland, his powers stripped
from him and his body wracked with the pain of their removal. 

Archaimbaud was overcome by rage.  He had never experienced such 
passionate anger, didn't know how to deal with it.  It consumed
him.  In his madness, he slew Evangeliste with a rock, mashing
her head into a pulp. 

This murderous act drained some of the anger from him, but it
was quickly replaced by guilt and remorse.  He had never killed
before.  He prided himself on being a good and lawful man, and
he couldn't face what he had done.  He was in a desert
wasteland, with no civilization in sight.  He sank to his knees, 
determined to wait there for the desert sun to take his moisture 
and his life. 

Days passed without food or drink for Archaimbaud.  In his
madness he began wandering the desert without thought.  Several
times he fell, sometimes striking his head, but each time he got 
up and continued walking.  He did this for many days, until he
encountered a spot of color on the horizon. Without heading for
it, he headed towards it.  The spot grew in his vision,
revealing a desert oasis of trees and water.  Nomads had pitched 
tent there. 

                            * * *

                   The Wisdom of the Hodja


Help a man when he's in trouble, and he'll remember you ... when 
he's in trouble again. 

You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the
people some of the time, but you can't fool the Hodja! Hee hee! 

Never blame malice for that which could be explained by
stupidity. 

Eat live horthak first thing in the morning and nothing worse
can happen to you the rest of the day. 

Arguing with a rock is rarely productive. 

Discovery is seeing what everyone else has seen and then
thinking what no one else has thought. 

Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the
wall instead of using it. 

That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest. 

The common way to make a small fortune in bartering is to start
with a large fortune. 

You don't have to explain something you never said. 

A bird in hand is worth two in the bush, but a lot messier. 

A mind is only as strong as it weakest think. 

A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. 

You must not swallow more facts than you can digest. 

All I can say is that when you find yourself in a pear tree, you 
don't go looking for rutabagas! 

All we see or seem, is but a dream within a dream. 

The wolf and the sheep may lay down together, but the sheep
won't get much sleep. 

If you lay down with jackals, you'll wake up with fleas. 

As a rule, man is a fool ... When it's hot, he wants it cool,
When it's cool, he wants it hot. Always wanting what is not! 

Whether you marry or not, you will be sorry. 

Be friends with the wolf, but keep one hand on your axe. 

You always find things in the last place you look. 

When in doubt, mumble.  When in trouble, delegate.  When in
charge, ponder. 

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. 

Climate is what you expect ... weather is what you get. 

People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them
the Hodja said it first. 

Don't take life too seriously ... you'll never get out alive! 

You can't cross a chasm in two small steps. 

Even when you're on the right trail, you'll get run over if you
don't keep moving. 

Experience is the hardest kind of teacher. It gives you the test 
first, and the lesson afterward. 

Experience is what tells you that you've just made a mistake ... 
again! 

He who shits on the road will meet flies on his return. 

I have seen the future.  It is just like the present, only
longer. 

I have a marvelous seashell collection.  I keep them scattered
on all the beaches. 

I don't mind the thought of dying.  It's the thought of having
to stay dead that scares the shit out of me. 

If at first you don't succeed, do it the way I told you! 

If you don't care where you are, then you aren't lost. 

