Dearest Deb:

If you'll recall my comments on Mike, I always believed that if he cheated on his wife, he'd cheat on you too. I have found that people seldom change their ways, and what they say isn't always as meaningful as what they do and their established ways of doing things.

It's not always that people lie, it's just that what they say is based on their perception of how things are, and what they think you want to hear. I try to pay attention to what they do. If you ever wonder if I believe something you say, ask yourself if your words match your actions and your past behavior.

Tali is still trying to sort out what Delight has told him. Tali told her that so far, the only person he hates this strongly is Phule. She seemed to think he'd constrain her from doing business with anybody. She said her reputation is that she'll talk to anybody. He isn't stopping her from talking to Phule. He just wants her not to accept favors or do favors involving Phule. Is that part of her reputation? She won't weave for him. Does that conflict with her reputation?

Delight keeps trying to make this all Tali's fault. It's Tali who started it, Tali who's stubborn, Tali who is trying to control everyone she talks to. I don't deny that Tali is being stubborn on this issue. He has tried to give De alternatives, but she seems determined to shoot them down. She doesn't even seem willing to admit that she, too, is being stubborn and unwilling to compromise in the slightest.

Tali has tolerated a lot. He's made great efforts to give Delight the freedom she wants, and associate with whom she wants. He's forgiven her for many things. He has changed his ways to suit her on more than one occasion. In this instance, he's asking her not to accept favors from Phule. I don't think anyone will think less of her because she won't accept favors from someone who has killed her lover, killed her with his demons, and does so much harm to people. She has not made it clear to Tali that this is about more than spidersilk. She said so herself... that he didn't see more than that. To Tali, she has not made any effort to work this through... all she has done is berate him for being stubborn, controlling and obsessed and to defend her own actions.

Tali has been terribly hurt by Phule's actions, and is not acting dispassionately. If De can't forgive him for doing what he must, if she can't bend in the slightest to accommodate the situation, do not put all the blame on Tali. Tali even offered to learn to collect spidersilk. He's tried his best to find a solution. How has Delight shown her desire to maintain the relationship? How has she shown her love for Tali?

