Fayd is getting boring. More and more often now, there will be less than half 
a dozen players online, and usually a portion of them are scripting. Often
the place seems dead. Many guilds are dwindling rapidly as players leave or 
stop playing. 

Without active gm's, LOFP becomes just another MUD. Without players, it 
ceases to be an MPG and is just an expensive computer game.

Here are some suggestions to increase interest:

Make sure guilds have active gm's who are responsible for keeping the guilds 
alive. There should be regular events (at least twice a month, weekly is
ideal), with notice posted on the boards. If a guildmaster becomes
essentially inactive, then the guildmaster should be replaced at the members' 
discretion. If the gm becomes inactive, then the gm should be replaced. There 
should be benefits to membership: exclusive items, good training and/or cool 
events on a regular basis. The only thing Amilor has going for it is a good 
training hall. The gm is MIA, Shane took all the cool items, membership is 
dwindling and there are hardly any events.

Have more events. Right now there are maybe two events listed on the event 
calendar. They don't have to be elaborate pre-scripted events with new rooms 
and monsters. It can be just an NPC coming to town to play games. It may not
be the good old days, but it beats standing in BC with nothing to do. 

Give every character a patron gm. It can be the gm of their primary guild, or 
a gm chosen at random. If the gm becomes inactive, they should get a new gm. 
The gm should know as much as possible about the player, and offer guidance
on developing their character and storylines.

Have a gm dedicated to newbies. Make it easier for new characters to
customize their description. Establishing a character makes the game more
interesting and sets it apart from other games. It improves roleplay and 
gives the player a reason to keep playing. 

Put cool stuff in the monster queue. Dmod items and weapons are always nice, 
but even toys that look like Garin would be better than another chipped 
citrine.

Have town invaded by creatures that carry cool items, lots of money or lots 
of exp. Tie it into a storyline if possible. Do it during slow periods.

Make it easier to get back to town. The core of an MPG is interaction, which 
is difficult if half the town is out in the boonies.

Make sure there are rewarding areas for people to hunt. Where do psi's go to 
hunt when they're too good for janwallas? There's a big gap there.

Have more personal quests so people have something to do when they're not 
hunting and nobody is around. Distribute items via the monster queue that 
need to be collected. It will force people to find out who has something they 
need and to barter for it. Make more things that can be constructed from
pieces, like a potion is.

Have more games that players can do together. Something with more strategy 
than throwing a dart or rolling dice.

Update the newsboard daily.

Update the web site.

Start a mailing list so people get notified of events whether they check the 
calendar or not.

Determine what times of day are slowest and schedule stuff for those times.
If someone logs on and nothing is happening they often just log back off. 
Once you get less than 10 people online it's hard to keep people there.

Reward players who spend a lot of time online or who have played a long time.
I've played several hours a day for over two years and I don't have a room 
of my own or anything that shows I exist when I log off. I don't have any 
item that was scripted for me.
