                               Proposal for 
                              a Campout Quest

                          by Taliesin Pendragon 
                              (David Goodman)
                (aka brnghurst, aka dgoodman@novalink.com)


I'm interested in hosting a quest, or at least designing one.  I don't know 
what the procedure is, but below is a description of what I'd like to see.  
Also, I'm a C++ programmer and I'm interested in finding out if I could 
create some objects for Legends.  Is it possible to get some docs or a sample 
             object description?  Thanks. 


                                DESCRIPTION

I'd like to host a quest where people are invited to a campfire.  We'd sit
around the fire, toast marshmallows, tell jokes and scary stories, watch or
perform skits and fend off wild creatures. 



                                  PROCESS

1)  The necessary objects are created for the campout, and a site chosen or 
    created. 

2)  People are invited to the campout via the calendar, newsboard and notes 
    left around town.  People are requested to submit ideas for jokes, SHORT 
    poems, stories and skits to the host.  If their idea is approved they'll
    be notified and added to the schedule. BYOB (booze, blood, babes, etc.) 

3)  At the start of the quest, the fire will be started and the sight and
    smell of the campfire will be noticed in town.

4)  People at the campsite will be given a stick, some marshmallows, some
    chocolate and some graham crackers. 

5)  As people arrive they'll be welcomed by the host.

6)  After enough people have arrived, they'll be invited to start telling 
    jokes and stories.  The theme of the jokes will be "Demons and Monsters" 
    in which people's favorite creatures will be made fun of.  "That troll
    smelled SO bad ... the ettins had to hold BOTH their noses!" 

7)  After 20-30 minutes of this, the skits will begin. Between each
    skit a joke or story will be told.  People will be encouraged to remain 
    still while someone "has the floor" but may react or fidget in between 
    performances.  It would be nice if the host could command a creature to 
    remove someone that interferes too much or gets out of hand. 

8)  Periodically wild animals will wander in and out, such as lizards,
    rattlesnakes, boars, etc.  

9)  Occasionally people will hear an owl hoot, a wolf howl, a twig snap or see 
    eyes glowing in the darkness.

10) During one of the breaks between skits, a scary story will be told.  At
    the end of the story, the demon or monster described in the story will
    manifest itself at the campsight and will have to be dispatched. 

11) About 90 minutes after beginning, the host will wrap up the campout and
    request votes for the best skit and best story. It would be nice to have
    some cool items to give as awards.
    
12) Experience will be given out, and people will be thanked for attending.
    The host will leave.  Those who desire to can stay around and continue
    telling jokes and stories. 

13) The campsite is destroyed or cleaned up.


                         SPECIAL OBJECTS REQUIRED

FIRE - an object that looks like a fire, smells like a fire, makes periodic
sounds like a fire, requires wood to keep it going and cooks marshmallows.  
It could perhaps change people's appearance so that they smell like smoke.

WOOD - a simple object that enlarges the fire.  PUT WOOD IN FIRE

STICK - a simple object for putting marshmallows on. PUT MARSHMALLOW ON STICK

LOG - a chair object for sitting on.

MARSHMALLOW - a special food object.  It should taste good when eaten.  If
it's on a stick, and the stick is in the fire, then the marshmallow will turn 
light brown, then golden brown, then dark brown, then catch fire, then turn
black, then go out.  Each stage should take about 10 seconds.  The longer the 
marshmallow is in the fire, the greater the chances it will fall off the
stick and be destroyed.  PUT STICK IN FIRE 

GRAHAM CRACKER - a simple food object.  PUT MARSHMALLOW ON CRACKER

CHOCOLATE - a simple food object.  PUT CHOCOLATE ON CRACKER

SQUIRREL - a special squirrel that occasionally runs out and steals people's
marshmallows.

ECHO - an object or verb for simulating an echo.  The goal is that in normal
use whatever you yell to the echo is heard by all as if you said it, and then 
a half second later they hear the same thing again as an echo.  It should
have a special case where people hear what you say, but the echo's different. 
Example:

  > ECHO Hello
  Taliesin yells, "Hello"
  You hear an echo: "Hello"

  > ECHO The king is dead!
  Taliesin yells, "The king is dead!"  
  You hear an echo: "The king is dead!"

  > ECHO "Baloney!" Taliesin is the greatest!
  Taliesin yells, "Taliesin is the greatest!"
  You hear an echo: "Baloney!"

If this is too hard to create, it could be done by having an invisible player
named "an echo" who simulates the echo and knows when to change it.  This is 
for a skit I'd like to do, similar to the short example above.
