Dave,
	Find attached an example of an initiation ceremony.  It is the
"standard" initiation vows.  Feel free to modify as you see fit.

I have also included a list of temple items that two "mules" are
currently holding as given by Arthus.  There is also about 20k in gold
that is temple funds that was also given by Arthus.

Jasmine/Mark

Tali asks, Do you swear to devote your life to Amilor, Lord of the Deep, seeking to serve His will above all else?
Do you vow to defend His realms and servants with your life and to protect those entrusted into your care as well as innocents in peril of darkness?"
Do you promise to prove in yourself an example of our Lord,
Amilor, at all times, and to forever strive to develope yourself to your full potential?"
Do you promise to persue the truth and its understanding, and
always seek the path of light, no matter where it leads?
Having sworn these oaths before Amilor and all present, I pronounce you Knight initiate in the temple of Amilor.

Feel free to add, delete, modify or otherwise use your own ideas.
Temple Items Held by Clover


Some heavy woven diamontine mail which flexes and shimmers with the deep, rippling blue of the sea.

A shield with a badly rendered battle painted on the front.

A magnificent golden helm adorned with two sweeping white wings carved from mother-of-pearl.

A truesteel claidmore.

A sea blue steel braodsword.

An eel skin vest.



Temple Items held by Morag


A deep blue ceremonial greatsword with the hilt and pommel fashioned into the symbol of Amilor's Preceptor.

A small steel dagger with its pommel wrapped in rough green leather.

2 black bottles.

2 yellow bottles

2 blue bottles

38 cocooned larva

4 bottles of "Raningeth's Marvelous Flying potion"

Some black leather boots with a wide cuff and bright buckles

A thing that looks like a piece of peace

Some deeplander boots with a crested wave embossed on each toe

Some black randar chain boots highlighted with icy silver

a sea blue silk harness with the symbol of Amilor embroiderd over the heart

A black leather sheath with tooled silver along the edges

Some high black rubber boots

1 translucent fruit

a dragon scale

a black randar helm highlighted with icy silver

a cheap brass ring badly inset with a chipped citrine

an oddly shaped ring shaped from the claws of a tiny red crab

a pearl

a fringed brown leather loincloth embroidered with the face of a growling ogre

a large shimmering white pearl with a gentle blue light washing over it in a wave-like fashion

a red steel badge with the sigil of a hawk in flight

a crimson silk pouch with a gray drawcord

a sharkhor leather pouch

a riyong mushroom with Shane's face painted on it

a red doeskin pouch

a fountain that looks a lot like Prophet

a fountain that looks a hell of a lot like Aban

The happy fun ball

a pale brocade surcoat accented with carved ivory buttons shaped like dolphins

A pale blue silk pouch

a mysterious burlap bag which seems to bulge in odd places, hinting at amazing things within

4 spider eyes

7 imp toes

a gleaming platinum medallion which is engraved with a seal of Merundesh

a cage

a fuzzy red fruit

an intricately carved wedding ring made from pieces of rare blue coral inset with a single perfect diamond

an ivory necklace
