                                  ChAoS!

Okay, here's the skinny on what I know about red lightning, old gods,
queasiness and other oddities (besides Garin). I believe that most of the
changes we've been seeing recently can be traced to a strengthening of the
forces of Chaos.

My first encounter with this occurred at the temple of T'kasta. We noticed
a large hole in the floorboards, and odd sounds coming from underneath. We
cautiously made our way below the temple, and discovered a system of 
underground water channels. I don't recall everyone who was there, but I know
Dolkun, Jayd, Lianna and myself were there. Possibly Silence and others too.

Travelling under the city of Fayd, we discovered large, very nasty bugs known 
as jupaaskri, and a temple to a prince of chaos named 'Rolima' and yes, I know
what that is backwards. <mutter> We also found a strange, daft fellow who
seems to be Rolima's servant. Rolima spoke through him about some temple 
business, including news of the Ancestor known as Ch'kane, who is held by the
nightchildren.

Since that time, the queasiness that plagues us arrived, and some of the
more magical creatures have changed in strength, appearance or habit. In
addition, a strange mist can be seen seeping slowly away when we die. More on
that later.

Jupaaskri have been seen in town more often now, and they are quite vicious.
One day, when only Tarrant and myself and a few others were about, I killed a
jupaaskri at the bazaar. A short time later, red lightning was seen, and it
struck Tarrant before my eyes. When my eyesight cleared, Tarrant had nearly
doubled in height! A moment later, it struck again, and Tarrant was restored
to nearly his former size, but was left with increased strength. I know this
sounds farfetched, but if I'm lying, may lightning... Oh, never mind.

A few days ago, the jupaaskri struck again. I was in the saloon healing when
I noticed clouds forming in the mirror behind the bar. As I watched, a 
warhammer appeared in the mirror, striking it with such force that it 
cracked. A voice repeated the name, "Odin" several times, and we also heard
the word "ChAoS" in our minds.

In the bazaar, strange events continued to happen. Urchins wrote the name
'Thor' in the snow, then crossed it out and wrote 'Amilor' in its place. Red
lightning was seen, and ravens appeared and disappeared. A beggar informed us
that the old gods Thor, Odin, Loki and others were the same as the gods we
know as Amilor, Rorin, Rolima and others.

That same night, Tarrant was attacked in the wastes by a large black widow as 
found in the Ilzar tunnels. When I killed and searched it, I found that it
was carrying an old stone warhammer like Thor carried, a black raven's
feather and a black eyepatch that Odin was known to wear. Tarrant seemed
quite knowledgable about gods I'd never heard of. On the other hand, when I
was in the Hall of the Forgotten Gods long ago, there were countless gods
that we had lost track of. 

But I digress. Earlier, in the bazaar, I called out to Ch'kane over mindlink 
on a whim. To my extreme pleasure, the Ancient One was able to sense my 
thoughts. According to him, the chaos and queasiness are caused by a 
worsening rift between the planes. He suggested that the portals to other
planes were responsible, and might have to be sealed or destroyed. However,
he was relating things he had heard, and didn't necessarily believe that.

Ch'kane speculated that Ming K'tuk would know more about the matter. 
Unfortunately, Saryon killed Ming in a fit of boredom years ago, and somehow
Ming's spirit never made it to the Hall of Ancestors.

I'm guessing that the mist we notice seeping away is mana leaking out of our
world to another, something we can only perceive in a state of death. Our 
land is being depleted of mana as it flows through portals to other worlds.
Miners have reported that they can find no more creod. Perhaps there is a 
relationship there as well.

