              MYSTERY WOMAN IS TALIESIN'S SECRET OTHER WIFE!
                     Taliesin's Hidden Past Revealed!

This reporter has uncovered the stunning events that led to Taliesin Pendragon 
keeping two wives. In an exclusive interview for the Chronicle, his wife
Estara reveals to us what happened. 

"I was shocked!" Estara confided to this reporter. "He jolts the planet asking 
for his lover to come to him and when I show up, there's two of us!" 

Witnesses confirm Taliesin drew on his friends' energies to project a powerful 
call for his lover. Mass confusion resulted when Shalana, an exotic beauty
standing but four feet high appeared out of nowhere in response. 

Shalana herself was dazed on learning that the husband she thought dead for
eight long, lonely years had been living with another woman and using an
assumed name. 

"My Thinra!" she sobbed. "The man I knew as Thinra'al Zamfirna, whom I had
saved from death, didn't recognize me, his wife! He knew not his own name!" 

Using her psionic abilities, the distraught Shalana probed Taliesin and
learned that the memories of his life before Fayd had been blocked. She broke 
the bonds, restoring Taliesin's memory. 

"I remembered who I was!" exclaimed Taliesin. "Nine years ago, Shalana found
me wandering lost in the desert... sunburnt, dehydrated, half-blind and near
death. Something had shattered my mind, leaving no memories. She took me home 
with her and healed me, naming me Thinra'al Zamfirna... Madman of the Wastes. 
Shalana taught me her tongue and trained me in their ways. 

"Despite my being freakishly tall and lacking magical ability, Shalana's
tribe, the Shazraadi, took me in. Her father treated me like his own son. He
was the tribe's Hodja, or shaman, and taught me much. But he disapproved when 
Shalana and I fell in love, worried our children would be crippled as I was.
Being headstrong, Shalana and I rode our camel, Blithe, through the " Veil of 
Tears" waterfall in the marriage ritual. Hodja was furious. 

"A couple days later, Hodja brought Shalana my wedding pendant, covered in
blood, and said I'd been killed by a sand stalker. She has grieved the past
eight years. Unknown to her, the Hodja had sealed my memories and teleported 
me across the planet after taking my pendant and covering it with sheep's
blood. Thus I came to Fayd, again suffering amnesia. I named myself Taliesin
Pendragon from names I found in the library." 

There you have the incredible events surrounding the man we thought we knew.
He has refused to give up either of his wives, and only time will tell how 
they will get along. We may never know how he came to be lost in the desert. 

Your freelance BC Buddy,
"Stalker" Channing

"All the news too juicy not to print."

[  You may find a complete account of Shalana's appearance in the archives
at http://linex.com/~dgoodman/shalana1.htm  ]