Hiya Tammy:

I think we're misunderstanding each other. <sigh>

Okay, I'll just say what I'm thinking and pray that I'm not screwing anything up. Please remember as you read this how much I care for you.

When you first became Shalana, you were there all the time. I enjoyed that tremendously. I don't spend time online to hunt, if I wanted to play with computer constructs I can do that on my own computer. I like playing with people. I'll rp with anyone that has characteristics Tali can play off of enjoyably. He loves teasing Kirsch about tech, for instance.

I've just been frustrated recently because so few people are around for Tali to rp with, including Shalana. I don't think I've seen Shalana since that time in the booth with Blythe.

What I was trying to tell Chyme was that I treat Shalana as my IC wife. I don't treat Vixen that way, or Eylia, or Chyme. I keep seeing you as Vixen and Chyme and Tali doesn't know how to rp with them yet. Being with Chyme is not the same to me as being with Shalana. I thought maybe you didn't see the difference, and that you thought being there as Chyme was the same for me. It's not. I like Chyme, but there's no story there for me to work with. So I just chat with her as Chyme/Tammy. What I was telling you was that if you want me to rp with you, I prefer you to show up as Shalana.

So then I ask myself, how come I never see Shalana? Gypsy is there, but not Shalana. Put yourself in my place. I know you have responsibilities as a gm, and I know you you enjoy playing other characters, and I have no claim on you at all. I miss the fun we have together as Tali and Shalana, and worry that I've done something to mess that up.

We were together a lot, and then I worried it would look badly and wasn't fair to others. I mentioned that to you, and now I don't see Shalana hardly at all. I never meant I *wanted* to see less of her. Maybe it's just coincidence I said that and now you've gotten really busy scripting and helping new gm's. When you aren't Shalana I try not to bother you. I always want to see Shalana, but I don't want to bug you to bring her in. I also don't want you to think that just because I don't bug you, I don't want to see her.

Even if all you did was drop me an e-mail every day or two, like you call Kevin daily, it would let Tali know what Shalana was doing and give him something to tell people when they ask where his wife is. They ask all the time. I told Lexa yesterday that Shalana was exploring this side of Andor, and I just wished she'd send a courier to let me know she was okay.

This is a lot wordier than I hoped for, but I really feel like something's gone weird and we're not understanding each other. I'm really glad you wrote. I don't think there's anything going on to worry you. Have I made things clearer or worse? Please write again or chat with me. 

