To all denizens of Andor who can think:

Isn't it time we learned how to live with each other without the hatreds and
irresponsible behaviors which seem to have erupted yet once again?

Some of the wolflings say, "I can't help myself. The mere scent of a werewolf
drives me crazy. I *have* to kill them." This from the same wolflings which 
have for years restrained themselves from killing Fregen and other weres who 
frequent town. Is this supposed to be an excuse? Then I suppose if Donner
says, "Oh, Vixen... your scent drives me crazy with passion. I *have* to mate 
with you!" then that's okay? Is it okay for wolflings to succumb to their
instincts to kill, but not for males to succumb to their instincts to mate? I 
think it's time that people who claim to be lawful citizens who have a brain
start using it to override their baser instincts. If they can't, then they
should be banned from town as a threat to peaceful people. 

Some people say, "The werewolves are evil. We can't have them in our town!" 
Where were these people all these years while Fregen, Destrar and others 
roamed our streets? And the fact is, they seem more able to control 
themselves in town than many so-called 'normal' citizens. For years now the 
king has allowed undead and other evil persons to enter Fayd... why the 
sudden outcry now? What makes werewolves more evil than Xond or Phule? If
we're going to close the town to evil, let's throw them ALL out. Just
remember the old saw: "Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer!" 

And what about the Mardhrel? You're going to exterminate a race? Do you 
really think you could? Do you really think you should? Not all Mardhrel are 
evil. Not all of them are bent on the destruction of Fayd. How do you even 
recognize a Mardhrel? Just because an aelfen has a certain skin tone doesn't 
mean he or she is Mardhrel. If you kill someone who is acting peacefully just
because you think they might be an evil Mardhrel, what does that make *you*?

What has happened to our system of law? I've seen friends who are normally 
law-abiding suddenly cast aside their respect for our laws and attack a 
werewolf in the bazaar who was committing no crime nor act of aggression. The 
laws are there to protect everyone. They are there to assure that Fayd is a 
peaceful community for people to live and work together without fear of 
attack. To walk the streets of Fayd is to accept the laws that prevail. If 
you can't do that, then you have no right being there. Every transgression 
against the law is a rip in the fabric of our society.

I am ashamed of what I have been seeing in town. How can those who claim to 
follow the path of Light attack a person without just cause? Is that not in 
itself evil? Shame on you!

Amilor teaches His children to attack sharkhors and all of Calumra's minions,
but He does not ask us to exterminate them. To do so would pollute His seas
with their vile blood... to render the seas foul for everyone. Is there a god
of Light that teaches extermination? One who wants the streets to flow with
rivers of evil blood? Let us find a way to defend ourselves without sullying
our homes and our spirits.

I will not stand idly by while evil forces attack our town, or attack an 
innocent. You all know I will defend against aggression whenever necessary.
What I am questioning is the necessity for the anger and violence I have seen 
manifested in our town. 

I would like to hear more voices talking peace. I would like to hear more
voices discussing defense, and not extermination. I would like to see less
hatred displayed on our streets. Please.

Disgusted but hopeful,
Taliesin Pendragon
Field Medic and Healer
