Refinement: Nippon
   Who: The entire sovereign nation which was known as Japan is now a truly
        corporate entity. 
   Mission Statement:  To further develop the existing ideas and technologies 
        into those of the future. 
   Prime Business Concerns:

Culture: Coca-Cola
   Who: The healthy elixir and soft-drink producer continued to evolve into
        a megalithic entertainment giant. 
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns: Less-Controversial Forms of Entertainment: Arts,
        Cortex/Experience Software, Snacks 

Vice: Vice Vegas
   Who: The city in the desert has increased in size and scope, offering all 
        the Entertainment which Coca-Cola refuses. 
   Mission Statement:  To provide those entertaining services which everyone
        wants, but nobody admits to. 
   Prime Business Concerns:  More-Controversial Forms of Entertainment:
        Gambling, Drugs, Prostitution, Sports 

Faith: Unity of Faith
   Who: Churches and religions which hold a stable but uneasy truce,
        respecting in common only the sanctity of life. 
   Mission Statement:  To guide all people with hope, to fill with
        understanding beyond reason. 
   Prime Business Concerns:  Organized Religion, Spiritual Guidance,
        Emotional & Psychological Research and Care 

Life: Di-Ribo Corporation
   Who:
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns:  Biological R & D, Physical Health Management,
        Foodstuff Production 

Protection: Los Brazos
   Who: The privatized systems of local and federal governmental defense and 
        enforcement have organized together. 
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns:  Security, Insurance, Tactical R & D, Law and
        Protocol Enforcement 

Intelligence:
   Who: Several credit companies and governmental intelligence agencies have 
        pooled their data-collecting powers. 
   Mission Statement:  To investigate all things for all interested parties.
   Prime Business Concerns:  Data Gathering, Knowledge Research, Education,
        Academicia 

Territory:
   Who:
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns:  Real Estate, Colonization, Architectural
        Planning, Storage 

Transport:
   Who:
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns:  Shipping and Freight, Vehicle, Networking

Fabrication:
   Who:
   Mission Statement:
   Prime Business Concerns:  Production and Construction, Raw Materials
