Hiya lover!

Yesterday went really well. Switching your voice back to warm
when struggling was inspired. That really got to me. And being 
drawn to my location was a winner. The deal with the button was 
a nice twist, and got people more involved.

Phule and I kicked around some ideas last night after you left,
and we want to run them by you and get your suggestions.

We want to still keep this from blowing up into a major PvP 
battle between the sides and making Phule's life intolerable. 
There are a couple ways we can do this:

One thing we can do is to tie your welfare to Phule's. When he's 
hurt, so are you. I think that you and I should be the same way. 

Phule has been telling people that he's not to blame. He claims 
that all he did was raise you undead, with no other ritual.
People don't really believe him, but nobody was there. What we
can do is to cast blame onto a third party to relieve Phule of 
the blame. While he was rezzing you in the keep, a shadow from 
the keep slipped into you. Possibly into him as well, tying you 
two together. Or some other force from Malthesia's crypt got 
into you.

I'd love to reveal this myself by probing your memory of the 
event, but I think it's more important to get other people 
involved and give them an opportunity to contribute. It's 
frustrating to many that they're helpless. Try to think of 
someone who would be good to somehow reveal knowledge of what
'really' happened. Phule suggested letting one of the newer
players have a chance to pitch in, and I think that's a great
idea. I'd also like to involve Shrike, although his player isn't 
new. 

We should keep playing up this psychic bond. Have one wince when 
the other is hurt. And you pull from your side to drag me into
darkness. A tug-of-war.

So what do you think? Do you like these possibilities? What else 
can we do? Who can we drag in? You're the centerpiece to this
drama and you've got everybody fascinated. 

Your loving husband,
Tali

P.S. Nice touch, calling me Taliesin instead of Tali. <sigh>
