Rain:

Estara and I are engaged, and would like to marry soon. Within
the next few weeks, if possible, and it would be nice to have
the following event before the wedding. 

                                 *   *   *

A short, slender woman named Shalana dressed in desert robes and 
a hooded cloak sneaks away from her nomad tribe to explore Fayd. 
She has long, silky black hair, dark liquid eyes and ruby red
lips. 

As Shalana is skulking around BC, she spots Taliesin in the
crowd. She is revealed by her gasp, and she runs to him, saying, 
"Thinra! Oh, how I've missed you!" Taliesin has no idea what's
going on, nor who Shalana is. 

Shalana takes Tali into the saloon. She realizes that
something's wrong, but she doesn't know what. "May I probe you?" 
she asks. Tali nods, and she slips into his mind. Tears run down 
her face as she realizes that this is the same man, but the
Thinra she knew is nowhere to be found in him. 

She probes him again, deeper this time. Tali goes pale as she
searches all through his memories and every corner of his being. 
She furrows her brow. 

"Thinra has two dark areas in his mind," she says. "One seems to 
be damaged or destroyed, but the other is not. It is bottled
somehow, sealed from both me and from he himself." 

"I know this man. The person you know as Taliesin, the person HE 
calls Taliesin, was once a man named Thinra. I know this,
because I am his wife. 

"I come from a tribe of desert nomads. We cherish our privacy,
and deal with your civilization only to trade goods. I was
tending my flock one day when a stranger came tumbling down the
sand dune. His clothes were in tatters, his skin burned from
days in the sun and sand all through his wild hair and beard.
But what struck me was the madness in his eyes. 

"My tribe..." Shanala gazes around, "the Shazraadi, is well
practiced in magic, mentalism, herbalism and healing. The man
was babbling, and seemed to speak no language, nor know his
name. We called him Thinra al'Shamfirna which in my tongue means 
Madman of the Wastes. We healed him, and taught him our
language. 

"Thinra was in a lot of pain, both physical and emotional. We
think he was in some great catastrophe, and part of his brain
was damaged. He had nightmares, and had trouble sleeping.
Eventually, Thinra learned our ways, and we taught him to heal,
brew and use mentalism. He never seemed able to perform magic,
however. 

"Thinra was at home in our tribe, and we accepted him as one of
us. A very tall one of us. Thinra had a tremendous desire to
have children, as did I. We fell in love, and eventually
married. We were very happy, and deeply in love. But for some
reason, we were never blessed with children. In our tribe, a
couple that does not produce children must be separated. It has
always been this way, but Thinra refused to leave me. 

"Rather than take another mate as our elders demanded, Thinra
left the tribe. He walked out of our camp one day and never
returned. I remarried, but I have always loved Thinra. My second 
husband was killed by marauders, and now I'm alone again. 

"I don't know what happened to Thinra after he left, or how he
came to lose his memories. I know of a ritual, however, that we
use to unblock memories when a trauma causes their burial. With
your assistance, I will try to restore Thinra's memory. I will
need the following herbs: "An amethyst, a giant tooth, an ettin
beard and a roseate eggshell." 

Once those items are obtained, Shalana brews all but the
amethyst into a potion using a chalice shaped like a skull. She
then uses the amethyst to cast Rite of Prep on the potion, and
then another spell. She offers the chalice to Taliesin to drink. 
"The potion will prepare you for what I am about to do. Once you 
drink it, I must enter your mind again. Are you ready?" 

Taliesin grits his teeth and nods. He raises the chalice to his
lips and drinks. He seems changed, but reports that otherwise,
he is unharmed and recalls nothing more than before. 

Shalana nods, and approaches him. She casts Mindlink on him,
then probes him again. Concentrating, she seems to be fighting
something. "You have a very strong 'presence' Taliesin. Will you 
submit to me?" 

Taliesin mutters, but submits. Shalana concentrates over him
once more, then both grimace in pain, moan, stagger and fall to
the ground. Shalana concentrates, and with exceptional clarity
and power, she thinks out, "SHAZRAADI, HELP!"  At the same time, 
everyone also feels the feeble touch of Thinra's mind, "help
me."  Then both Taliesin and Shalana fall unconscious. (Note:
there is now a Thinra consciousness!) 

The realm then experiences a psychic phenomenon, as if several
powerful minds are searching for something. It focuses on the
saloon. Then, an old man teleports into their midst. He
immediately guards Shalana, glaring at them. Though old, his
mental presence is tangible and very powerful, his concern and
anger readily apparent. However, one can sense the compassion
and humor that are at his core. 

He speaks in an odd tongue. "?Azim shimala Shalana qua?" he
asks, looking around. He snorts, and touches Taliesin,
concentrating on him. He asks again, "What happened to Shalana?" 
He touches Shalana, probing her to learn what has happened. "Ah, 
now I see."  The old man holds Shalana, comforting her and
encanting strange syllables. He tends to her wounds, and is
dismayed by what Shalana was attempting to do. 

"Very bad. Very bad. Shalana silly girl. Much love, that one.
Much power. Not enough wisdom. Wisdom from time, eh?" He moves
to Taliesin, tends to him and repeats the process. "Thinra he
is, but he knew it not. Stay with us he would not, and know of
us, he could not. Much pain, he had. A favor, we did. A favor." 

The old man revives Shalana. "Silly, silly girl, my Shalana.
What's a father to do? Bond with him, you did, unleash parts we
had bound so carefully. Lucky you are, to be damaged not. His
mind I fear for still. To be changed so." 

The old man touches Taliesin, and probes him. "Tcha," says the
old man. "This works not well. Of two minds is he. Together they 
work not. Only one mind must a man have."  The old man looks at
the others. 

"I am the Hodja," said the man.  "The eldest of the elders.  In
our tribe, it is the hodja who keeps alive the old traditions.
A hodja is trained in all skills known to the tribe, and is both 
teacher and storyteller.  My people come to me for advice,
blessings and training. I must take your friend with me. From
him Thinra shall be removed." The Hodja takes Shalana and
Taliesin by the hand, concentrates, and all three disappear. 

A few moments pass, during which the Faydians try to decide what 
to do next, when they are jarred by the death of Taliesin. In
answer to questions over mindlink, the Hodja responds that it
was necessary to kill Taliesin because a mind can not be
repaired while it is functioning.  The Hodja promises to
ressurect Taliesin.  However, the death allows the Faydians to
use a scry eye to see their location in the wastes north of Red
Sands. 

The Faydians travel to the wastes and locate the tribe. The
Shazraadi want to seal the Thinra consciousness back up to allow 
Taliesin to continue his life without the pain that Thinra
feels. Taliesin isn't sure what he wants, but isn't sure that
it's ethical to eliminate Thinra. Is it a personality, or just
an over-active memory? Shalana wants Thinra back, but can't have 
him. I won't specify the outcome, but leave it to the situation.

                                  *  *  *

A little background on the Shazraadi: They live a simple life
with respect for their elders, ancestors and education. They
believe that goals are achieved by three means: Intent, Focus
and Willpower.  First you must have the intent to achieve the
goal. Then you must focus on a target to reach, and finally you
must apply your willpower to bring it to fruition. Applied to
Psi, this method requires that you chose your intent by
selecting a technique (PSI 7, for example), then focus on a
target and project your willpower at it (PROJECT SANDMAN, for
example). 

The Shazraadi believe that their prowess at magic and psi comes
from focusing on those tasks, and not wasting their energy on
all the complexities of life as Fayd lives. Their simple life,
healthy diet and dedication allow them to study and evolve their 
powers. Shalana tends to their flocks, or summons elementals to
guard them. This simple task feeds and clothes her tribe but
also allows her the time to study, practice and refine her
skills and spend time with her friends and family. 

                                 *  *  * 

My intentions for running this event are to reveal a major piece 
of Taliesin's past, to test Estara's and Fayd's dedication to
Taliesin and to have fun role-playing. I think it will give more 
depth to his character, and set up the other players for the
next event which reveals the rest of Taliesin's history. If you
recall, Taliesin (actually Achaimbaud) was a powerful mage who
fought an incredible battle of magic against his first wife, who 
turned his children (by his second wife) into gargoyles. In
defeating her he lost his powers and his memory and was thrown
into the future where the Shazraadi discovered him. This phase
of his past can be revealed when Owain discovers a scroll
describing the battle, and the spell which turned Archaimbaud's 
children into gargoyles. They can locate the gargoyles above
City Hall and bring them back to life, if only for a night. The
children can then tell the story of what happened. 


Thanks, Rain!

-Dave Goodman / Taliesin
 dgoodman@novalink.com  UID: brnghurst
 dgoodman@pacbell.net
 dgoodman@infoway.com

 415-898-9177
