ITEMS           Daedalus                1401-1500
NOUNS           Daedalus                1401-1500
ADJECTS         Daedalus                1401-1500
ROOMS           Daedalus                35-36, 1201-1300
NPCS            Daedalus                41-50
                                         41 Daedalus
                                         42 Taliesin
                                         43 Thinra
MONSTER         Daedalus                41
MACRO           Daedalus                16-20
                                         16 Called from Room X
                                         17 Called from Room Y
CEVENT          Daedalus                15

I've tweaked this with more detailed questions for the ones you could not
answer. I put asterisks '*' next to the questions I've tweaked.

>Thanks for the e-mail with monster scripting and some other answers. Were 
>you going to send more samples of scripts for rooms and items? I received 
>just the one message.

I was going to let you ask for scripts of rooms that you see, but if just
want random samples, I can send you some.

>As expected, I wallow in questions.

No problem. Ask as many as you want.

*1)  Can a script trigger itself so that it can loop through again?
Suppose I want a ball to bounce 5 times. Instead of having 5 bounces in the
script, could I set a variable to 1, have it bounce, and then trigger itself
to bounce again and bump the variable until it reaches 5? Is there a for loop?


>2)  How can a script pause between actions?

You can put a pause in your script using PLREVENT and CONTPLREVENT. If you
want to insert a 5 second pause, you'd do this...

PLREVENT 5
CONTPLREVENT

*3)  Can any action, like BOW or RECITE, be used in a script?
If I want a ball to jump up and down like a player does with JUMP, can I
put JUMP in the script? Or do I have to use echo to fake it?

*4)  Is there some event a script can trigger on for periodic action? What is
CEVENT? Suppose I want to have a fly buzz in your ear every 2 minutes. How
can I have the room script get triggered every 2 minutes?


>5)  How can a script detect if the player holds a given item?

IFCARRY <ARCHNUM> -1

>6)  Can a number be stored in the player and retrieved later to hold state 
>information?

Yep. Remember that INTNUM3 you stored the number 1 in (@SET INTNUM3 1)?
There are 300 INTNUM's, 0 - 299. INTNUM's have to be assigned to you, as
they have to be used on everyone the same way. For example, if your INTNUM3
is 1, then scripts consider you to be a Host. Also, if you only care about
this value while the person is in a particular room, you can use one of the
4 FLAG variables, FLAG1 - FLAG4. These variables are reset on a person when
they leave the room they are in.

>7)  Can a number be stored in an object the player holds to keep state 
>info?

Yes. Each item has 6 VAL slots. ITEMVAL1 - ITEMVAL6. The first 3 VAL slots
have special meaning to some items. For instance, ITEMVAL1 is almost always
the monetary value of an item. ITEMVAL2 is the room destination of a portal,
and the number of bites/sips in a food/liquid item. ITEMVAL3 is the spell
that will be cast if you eat/drink a food/liquid, and the value that a
lockable door and a key must equal to belong together.

To be safe, if you want to assign an value to an item to be checked by
scripts, use ITEMVAL6.

Also, all items have 10 ITEMBIT's. ITEMBIT0 - ITEMBIT9. These bits can equal
0 or 1.

*8)  Can ECHO be kept from putting a newline at the end of the text, so that 
>consecutive echoes will build up a line for output until the last one has 
>the newline? How do I output a variable? Suppose I have a variable COUNT and 
I want to echo: You have COUNT bites left. 
Can I do this (using ECHON for one with no CRLF):
ECHON You have
ECHON COUNT
ECHO bites left.


>9)  How can a script detect the current weather?

Well, there is no weather in the Virtual Cafe. At least not exactly. But
either way, I'm not sure if you can check it (though I'm sure you can)
because I've never had to deal with it. There are ways of faking it, though.

>10)  Are there any lists that can be kept? Like a list of the cards a 
>player might be holding?

You're asking about arrays, aren't you? Nope, not with Script/1.

>There's plenty more where that came from, but I'm hoping to learn more when 
>I get some sample scripts. I need to talk to Danna and find out where she 
>sent her documents for me. Thanks for taking the time to help me out. Your 
>answers have succeeded in getting me going.
>
>-Daedalus

My pleasure. Sorry if IEOS isn't has advanced yet as you had hoped. But
there are MANY ways of tweaking the system to get the results that you want.
If you give me examples of what you want to do, I can probably point you in
the right direction.

Now to assign you ADJECTIVE, NOUN, ITEM and ROOM and NPC numbers. Don't lose
these numbers, and don't use any numbers that I haven't assigned to you.

ITEMS           Daedalus                1401-1500
NOUNS           Daedalus                1401-1500
ADJECTS         Daedalus                1401-1500
ROOMS           Daedalus                35-36, 1201-1300
NPCS            Daedalus                41-50
MONSTER         Daedalus                41

I'll search through some scripts for some examples to send you as well.

-- Mark

