From: 	Mark at NovaLink USA[SMTP:azure@novalink.com]
Sent: 	Thursday, November 14, 1996 8:41 AM
To: 	Dave Goodman
Subject: 	Re: Help?

>I've read the stuff you sent, and most of it makes sense. It seems like a
lot is missing, but I suppose I'll learn it from examples and by asking
questions.

Actually, that is how most people who know how to script HAVE learned how to
script, because there is VERY LITTLE documentation. So the easiest way is to
ask for scripts of rooms and use them as examples, or simply ask questions.
Never hesitate to ask a scripting question. I probably know more, or at
least as much, about scripting as anyone on NovaLink.

>Is there a way to set variables to a random value, or compare them to a
random value?
>Can you set a variable to a text value, or only numeric?
>How can an item or the room react to speech?

Well, I see you have the "asking questions" part mastered. <grin>

Use the below to assign a random number to a variable.

     RANDOM <variable> <starting num> <ending num> <modifier>

Example: RANDOM MYVAR 1 10 5

The above would assign a random number betweeen 1 and 10 to the variable
MYVAR, and then add 5 to it.

If you wanted to compare two variables (let's say VAR1 AND VAR2) you would
do the following...

     IFVAR VAR1 = VAR2

You currently cannot set a variable to a text value, though you can store
text inside of special variables called 0 - 9. But you can't do comparisons
on those variables.

You can trap speech in a room (but unfortunately not on an item) by doing
the below...

     IFSAY I_have_the_power!

The above would trap when someone says "I have the power!"

Script/1 is a fairly powerful scripting language, but it is very lacking in
many areas. Once Script/2 is ready, we'll be able to do pretty much
anything, as we'll basically be writing C code modules to "plug into" the
Cafe code.

>To make my office, I guess I need two room numbers, and the number of a
room for it to exit to. I need gm privileges, and I need to know how to FTP
my script to my scripts directory. I found the directory in the shell
account, but I'm not sure how to FTP to it. Can I log in with my uid and
password?

Your room numbers for your office are 35 and 36. Your office doesn't need to
exit to another room, as you would usually use @GO to get to your office,
you can use @GO to leave it. But if you want, you can have it exit to the
staff lounge (Room 10) or the the Virtual Cafe (Room 101). 

If you email me anytime today asking me to meet you in the Virtual Cafe,
I'll give you full powers. I always have Eudora opened, and it's set up to
check mail every 10 minutes.

I'm not sure if you'll be able to FTP to sutr (the machine you're on when
you /GO SHELL) or not. Sutr is set up to accept FTP requests only from
itself, which works fine for people who use NovaLink as a PPP provider, as
you're on SUTR when you're using PPP. But try setting sutr up as a gateway
on your computer. It's IP address is 192.233.90.12. This may allow you to
FTP to it. Also, when you FTP to sutr, your User ID is daedalus and your
password is cafe. You can change your password from your shell account.

-- Mark

