                                  The Hodja

'Hodja the wise man has a face deeply tanned by the desert sun and leathered
'by time. His twinkling dark eyes reveal the wisdom of generations and are
'surrounded by laugh lines over a salt-and-pepper beard. His 4' frame is portly.

'He is wearing dark leather sandals, a wide sany robe, a turban set with a 
'brilliant star sapphire, a bone earcuff [Shalana's], a large golden pendant 
'encrusted with many gems and a water skin with a lush oasis painted on it.

'He is wielding an intricately carved wooden staff topped by a large emerald.

'The Hodja thinks of Thinra as a cripple, but also like the son he never had.
'He was torn when Thinra fell in love with Shalana. He calls Thinra a 'walking
'palm tree' and likes to use him for shade. He thinks Thinra in armor looks
'like a beetle baking in the sun. 

'The Hodja is the only member of the Shazraadi who is adept at teaching. He 
'holds the wisdom and skills of all previous hodjas. He prefers negotiation to 
'combat. He is peaceful but quite fierce when necessary to defend his people.
'The Hodja is normally good-humored, joking (not as snide or sarcastic as 
'Taliesin), flirtacious and effusive. He loves a good story and the beauty of
'a strong woman. He misses his late wife.

'Many of the Shazraadi have the ability to imbed messages or memories into 
'objects, as Shalana did to the earcuff she left by Hodja's bedside. Perhaps
'the Hodja can leave some item for Taliesin to help restore the memories that
'he had lost, or to counsel him in times of stress. [The item needn't be 
'special, Tali will just rp it.]

'The Hodja also has the ability to imbue magic into certain items, especially
'gems. He took pity on Thinra and transformed the stone in Thinra's wedding 
'pendant so that Thinra could See Hidden and Dispel Invisibility, since Thinra 
'had no magic of his own. 

'The Hodja is troubled by the knowledge that Fayd now has of the Shazraadi, but
'rather than make more trouble or do anything to Taliesin, he asks that they
'speak as little of it as they can. Since the Shazraadi dwell too far for Fayd
'to bother them, he doesn't feel overly threatened by the knowledge, and Tali
'has actually revealed very little of their actual strength and powers.

'Thinra once asked Hodja if he had lived in the desert his whole life. "Not 
'yet!" giggled the Hodja. 

'Two men were arguing over who had more hairs in his beard. They took their 
'conflict to Hodja, who declared that they should each pull hairs from their
'beard until one of them had none. Then the other would be proved to have more 
'hairs. 

'The Hodja once visited an Inn where he received terrible service at his meal, 
'but left an incredibly generous tip. On returning much later, he was 
'recognized and given quite lavish service, and he left a negligable tip. The 
'puzzled innkeeper came to him and asked why he tipped so well for bad service 
'and so poorly for good service. The Hodja replied that this tip was for the 
'first meal and that tip was for this meal.

-Tali
