Dear God:

I never heard anything about my request for some juggling balls for
my friend Sashi, so I have sent it again.  (I'm told that the gods
answer all requests, but that sometimes the answer is, "No"). Also, I 
have some ideas for a few little things that would make life a bit
more interesting on Andor.  Thanks for your attention to this little
sparrow. 

There is a carved stone head with writing on it, just north of the
riyong mushrooms on Volcanic Isle.  Does it do anything?  Is there a
story behind it?  If not, can I devise a back-story for it? 

Rumor has it <wink> that somewhere on Volcanic Isle there is an herb
known as the "ugly root."  When eaten, people notice you getting
uglier (without any permanent effects.)  I've always been amused by
people eating babich root and "looking better."  Perhaps there is
even an "attractive root" which makes the person who eats it look
more attractive (or handsome for males and lovely for females).  If
the gods could make this so, could you please tell me where these can 
be searched for, or at least let me know when I should start trying 
to locate them?  It would be nice if both roots were simply babich
root with a different appearance, so that eating them was of benefit. 

Example:
   > eat ugly root
   Taliesin eats an ugly root.
   He looks uglier.

   > sniff ugly root
   Taliesin sniffs an ugly root.
   He gets a vile look on his face.

I have a golden brown fruit which summons a giant flea, rockman or
silver griffin depending on its mood.  Will Herbie be coming to town
so that I can obtain another?  How does one obtain a fruit tree?  As
a psionicist, it would bring a twinkle to my eye if the fruit I've 
got would summon a "mental elemental" that appears as a sparkling,
swirling vortex of pure mental energy.  Further descriptions are left 
as an exercise for the Creator. 

Finally, I'm intrigued by Armoth's parrot, Scratch.  It concerns me
that the parrot has such a limited vocabulary.  Is Armoth taking good 
care of it, or has he perhaps been feeding it ale?  I've been trying
to teach it to say, "Here, kitty, kitty, kitty!" to no avail. It
seems to be verbally challenged.  Could you look into the matter?
Perhaps it could be taught to echo certain phrases like that when it
hears them in the environment, and then repeat those specific phrases 
at other times as well.  Just a thought. 

 
Abjectly,
Taliesin Pendragon
