Chanatahe:

I am sending separate messages which describe two phases of 
Taliesin's past. In the first phase, thousansd of years ago, he
is known as Archaimbaud, one of the most powerful mages in the
land. In a battle with his ex-wife, he loses his power and his
memory, and is transported into his future, a few years in our 
past.

In this next phase, Archaimbaud shows up without any memory of 
his past, wandering into a camp of nomads in the wastes. These
secretive nomads are powerful mages and psi's, and they give
Archaimbaud the name Thinra, healing him and training him. 

After Thinra's forbidden romance and marriage to the nomad
Shalana, the elders annul the marriage, purge his memory of the
nomads and leave him at the Fayd city gates, once again an
amnesiac. However, he still has psi and healing powers as taught 
him by the nomads. He takes the name Taliesin Pendragon. 

I would like it if a gm could give Taliesin a high level of
magic, teach him all spells known to Fayd and then take away his 
knowledge of magic again. There could then be an event in which 
Taliesin remembers his spells. He would still have no mana, 
empathy or training in Spellcraft or other magic, but would 
somehow know every spell there is. He would have to suffer the
embarassment of being able to train others in magic without
having use of the spells himself. (If this is too great a 
stretch for you, perhaps just every spell in Necromancy.) 

When we move to the new system and new spells are created, 
Taliesin could be the means by which these spells are 
discovered, as he 'remembers' spells from his past which the 
world had forgotten. Further spells and psi could be learned 
from the nomads who found him. 

Yours truly,
Taliesin Pendragon

Below are some ideas for improving healing and psi:


                      IDEAS FOR HEALING

A healer should be able to DIAGNOSE another, with a visible effect.
A healer should be able to cure withered limbs.
A healer of sufficient training should be able to cure poison.
A healer of sufficient training should be able to cure disease.
A healer of sufficient training should be able to rezz.
It would aid RP if I knew what limb would be healed on the
   patient next, or be able to heal a specific limb. 
It would be nice to have tools to assist in healing.


                  IDEAS FOR NEW PSI SKILLS

DETECT MINDS
This would allow a psi to detect all of the people in the same
room, with those who are hidden or invisible marked
appropriately.  It seems only logical that a psi could detect
the presence of other minds in the same room. 

PENETRATE DISGUISE
A psi should be able to determine the true name of an entity,
whether it is disguised or not. 

DETECT AURA
A psi should be able to read a subject's mind to determine the
nature of their aura. 

CHANGE APPEARANCE
A psi should be able to project a desired image into others'
minds so that the psionicist is disguised. 

LOCATE PERSON
A psi should be able to determine the location of any living
person by projecting at their name.  The psi would get an image
of that location. 

DOOR CLAIRVOYANCE
This skill seems a little more questionable, but I think it
seems feasible that a psi could select this technique, project
at a door, gate or other similar object and see what's behind
it. 

CONTAINER CLAIRVOYANCE
If a psi can manipulate locks, it seems logical that the psi can
detect traps and observe the contents of chests, coffers and
strongboxes.  This would allow the psi to bust open a chest
without fear of traps or damaging the contents. 

DISARM TRAP
To go along with Manipulate Lock, this would allow traps to be
detected and disarmed. 

FOCUS SKILL
Focus Skill currently deselects the current technique.  This
prevents a psi from focusing skill on the projection.  Focus
Skill should ignore PSI 2, PSI 4, PSI 5, etc so that PROJECT can 
be focused.  It would also be nice if Focus Skill would allow a
healer to repair damage up to 25 percent higher than their
training.  When used with Manipulate Lock, this would allow the
psi to open containers stronger than usual.  When used with
teleport, it would allow the psi to teleport farther distances.  
To summarize, Focus Skill should be fixed so that it is usable
with projected psi techniques, not just non-psi techniques. 

LEARN SKILL
It seems logical that psionic ability would allow the psi to
read others' minds.  Regardless of my available BP, I'd like to
be able to learn a skill from someone who has it using psi.  The 
knowledge would only last for 5 to 10 minutes, though.  If I had 
no climbing ability and no BP, I could use this psi technique to 
learn a level of climbing.  After a short time, it would be
unlearned automatically. 

FULL DOMINATION
Once a psi reaches a higher level, it should be possible to
dominate a creature indefinitely, rather than just for ten
minutes.  Even better would be if a psi could summon or create a 
"Mental Elemental" which would do the psi's bidding. 

TRANQUILIZE
A psi should be able to put a subject to sleep, by dominating
that portion of their brain. 

REMOTE TELEPORT
If a psi can teleport, then it doesn't seem that much of a
stretch to have the ability to teleport a subject to the psi's
location or one of the psi's marked locations. 

TRANSPORT
A marked object can be transported from its current location to
the psionicist's room. 

VISUAL SHIELD
A psi should be able to defend against Sunray. <mutter>

