Hiya Jabber!

THE TEMPLE
 Once you have access to the temple scripts, the following would be cool:

 It would be great if there was a rope in the Chapterhouse that members could 
 pull which would ring a bell heard all over Fayd, or by every member.
 
 I'd like to see the training pit have some creatures that could be summoned 
 for practice, like the Way has. You'd specify what level of creature, and 
 perhaps whether for mage, psi or fighter. Personally, I'd like to see 
 greater werewolves and torakaniks.
 
 I believe there is an office for the preceptor, but that it is currently 
 keyed to operate for Shane. Could that be modified so that I could access 
 it?
 
AMULETS
 The following are features that I'd like to see, which seem consistent with
 the aims of Amilor. They aid in defense and spiritual matters.

 I'd like the amulet to be protected so only members of Amilor may have one.
 If anyone else tries to pick one up or wear it, they will be stunned and it
 will drop to the floor. It would be nice if each one could be engraved so
 you knew who owned it when you examined it.

 Concentrate on an amulet and it tells you what your aura is set at.
 "Taliesin concentrates on a golden amulet."
 "%N appears introspective, lost in contemplation."
 
 Rub the amulet to See Hidden.
 "Taliesin rubs a golden amulet."
 "It glows with a holy light, briefly illuminating the area."
 You see Goshi, Airgid and Tyldak.
 
 Cast at the amulet for Globe III. (Only once a day.)
 "Taliesin gestures at a golden amulet."
 "It flares and bathes %i in a protective glow."

 Thump the amulet and it will BSII your group to your 1st mark.
 (Only for the High Priestess (Jasmine), Keeper (Hunan),
    Preceptor (Taliesin), or Champion (maybe Eaglesoul).

 Kiss the amulet to Disperse Storm.
 "Taliesin kisses a golden amulet."
 "%S prays for Amilor to quell any storms."

 Pull the amulet to Summon Water Elemental (once a day).
 
 Push the amulet for a nice echo.
 "%N prays to Amilor, and a booming voice replies, "I hear your prayer."
 

EVENTS

 I don't have any specific ideas for events at this time, I'll try to think
 of some and send them once I do. I would like to suggest that the first events
 revolve around one or two temple members. I'd like to see events centered on
 Eaglesoul, Raningeth, Lelldorin and Mofusa in approximately that order. They
 have been our most devoted and frequent members.

Thanks for all your efforts, Jabber.

-Tali
