                    An Interview with
                    Jedico Bloodstar

You see Jedico Bloodstar, a powerfully built Highlander
whose brawny frame and calloused hands bespeak long hours
at the forge. Braided silver hair accents the sea-blue eyes 
and weathered skin of Amilor's journeyman weaponsmith.
He is wearing some blue tinted titanium armor with tiny
silver waves etched along the seams, a blue tinted titanium 
helm engraved with silver waves over the brow, a sea blue
leather sash with a silver wave emblazoned on it, a
gulivira skin cloak decorated with seabirds circling over a 
brilliant cresting wave, some deeplander boots, a garnet
inset copper wristlet and a randar pendant. 
No matter how happy he may be working the forge, his joy in 
life is Lisanne. 

Jedico sits on a chair.
Taliesin pulls up a chair and takes a load off.
Taliesin says, "I decided to talk to the other temple members..."
Taliesin says, "and find out more about them."
Taliesin asks, "Can I ask you a bunch of questions?"
Taliesin stretches his arms lazily.
Jedico drinks some honey mead.
Jedico rumbles, "Shoot."

Taliesin moistens the tip of a quill with his tongue.
Taliesin asks, "Can I have your e-mail address?"
Jedico rumbles, "[within novalink it's Bloodstar... from
   outside coming into novalink it's jedico@novalink.com]" 
Jedico smiles.
Taliesin nods.
Jedico rumbles, "Original, huh?"
Taliesin chuckles.

Lisanne arrives through a curtain.
The curtain falls back into place as Lisanne enters the booth.
Jedico hugs Lisanne.
Lisanne hugs Jedico.
Lisanne says, "Mind if I'm here?"
Jedico ponders.
Taliesin shakes his head at Lisanne.
Lisanne whispers to you, "Go for it.  He's unhappy too...
   probably been unhappy the longest." 

Taliesin asks, "What's your title in the temple?"
Jedico rumbles, "I am a journeyman within the third path... 
   and its only member right now." 
Taliesin nods.
Jedico rumbles, "I am also the temple smith."

Taliesin asks, "Do you hunt? Where do you hunt? How?"
Jedico chuckles.
Jedico rumbles, "Yes... easy places... and very carefully."
Jedico chuckles.
Taliesin laughs.
Lisanne laughs.
Lisanne nuzzles Jedico affectionately.
Taliesin says, "I hear the kobolds stand still a lot."
Taliesin tickles Jedico.
Jedico rumbles, "I use psi... toughest hunting is in the
   wastes... with a guard if I can get it." 
Lisanne says, "Don't let him kid you... he hunts quite well 
   for a smith." 
Lisanne tickles Jedico.
Jedico chuckles at Lisanne.

Taliesin asks, "Do you hunt with the same people a lot?"
Jedico furrows his brow.
Jedico rumbles, "Not really... most of the time I hunt
   alone because the forge gets boring. ;)" 
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "Aside from hunting, who do you spend the
   most time with?" 
Jedico gazes at Lisanne.
Taliesin chuckles.
Jedico smiles.
Lisanne nuzzles Jedico affectionately.
Taliesin asks, "And besides Lisanne?"
Jedico rumbles, "There is nothing besides Lisanne.  ;)"
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin says, "What days do you play? And what time of
   day? []" 
Jedico rumbles, "I do spend non-forge time in the temple or 
   with temple members." 
Jedico rumbles, "Ahh..."
Jedico rumbles, "The answer to that last question I believe 
   is... yes." 
Jedico grins.
Taliesin rolls his eyes.
Lisanne laughs.
Taliesin asks, "Most times, most days?"
Lisanne says, "Almost anytime of day, most days."
Jedico rumbles, "Like Lis said.  ;)"
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Can you tell me something amazing about yourself?"
Taliesin says, "Or maybe I should ask Lisanne?"
Taliesin grins.
Jedico rumbles, "That's easy..."
Lisanne slides into the booth, and perches on Jedico's knee.
Taliesin listens carefully to Jedico.
Lisanne nuzzles Jedico affectionately.
Jedico rumbles, "Lisanne fell in love with me... that's
   about as amazing as things get." 
Lisanne blushes.
Lisanne shakes her head back and forth.
Taliesin says, "That's amazing."
Jedico rumbles, "See, Lis? He understands."
Jedico smiles.
Lisanne says, "No... you had the good taste to fall in love 
   with me, darling." 
(Shameless acts of affection between Jedico and Lisanne omitted.)

Taliesin asks, "Would you be willing to list your skills
   for me? Maybe just teach each one?" 
Lisanne raises an eyebrow towards you.
Taliesin smiles at Lisanne.
Taliesin says, "I'm trying to find out what our members can 
   do. What kind of team we can build." 
Lisanne ponders.
Lisanne says, "The Way, perhaps...?"
Lisanne shrugs.
Lisanne nuzzles you affectionately.
Taliesin smiles.

Jedico rumbles, "Short list...."
Jedico is now teaching Weaponsmithing (skill #8, up to level 51).
Jedico is now teaching Psionics (skill #26, up to level 14).
Jedico is now teaching Mind over Matter (skill #28, up to level 16).
Jedico is now teaching Sagecraft (skill #32, up to level 1).
Jedico rumbles, "Also crushing and D&P...but only first rank in each."

Lisanne says, "Interesting series of questions."
Lisanne smiles at you.
Taliesin wink at Lisanne.
Taliesin says, "They get better."
Taliesin asks, "Can you tell me about your background? Or
   how you came to be in Fayd?" 
Jedico smiles.

Lisanne says, "Amilor boasts the broadest range of talents, 
   I think, than anywhere..." 
You chuckle at Lisanne.
Jedico rumbles, "You may need to get a drink."
Taliesin says, "Be concise, if you can."
Jedico blinks.
Lisanne chuckles.
Jedico rumbles, "A concise Highlander?"
Jedico coughs.
Taliesin asks, "What am I saying?"
Taliesin gives himself a solid rap on the noggin.

Jedico rumbles, "OK...concise..."
Jedico furrows his brow.

Lisanne asks, "Darling, if you don't mind, I think I'll
   hunt a bit...?" 
Jedico rumbles, "That's ok, love... just don't get killed."
Jedico rumbles, "You know how it upsets me."
Lisanne says, "Love you, sweets."
Lisanne kisses Jedico deeply.
Lisanne goes out.

Jedico rumbles, "Anyway..."
Jedico rumbles, "I was long ago a paladin of a deity I
   later came to know was Amilor." 
Jedico rumbles, "The deity I followed was in the Teeth of
   Shartan.  We knew nothing of the ocean depths." 
Jedico rumbles, "I gave up my titles and scimitar the day
   my wife and son were both slain in battle on the same day." 
Taliesin winces.
Jedico rumbles, "That was more than 8 years ago... and I
   wandered for most of that time." 
Jedico rumbles, "I knew weapons and found the smith trade
   easy for me." 
Jedico shrugs.
Jedico rumbles, "Then I stumbled into Fayd."

Taliesin asks, "Do you have a favorite possession?"
Jedico ponders.
Jedico rumbles, "Actually... it is not mine any more."
Jedico rumbles, "I gave it to Ashan."
Jedico smiles.
Taliesin asks, "What was it?"
Jedico rumbles, "An amulet I had from Amilor which showed
   me that He and the deity I once followed were one and the
   same." 
Jedico rumbles, "An eagle's feather carved from tiger-eye."
Jedico smiles.
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Do you have a saying or quote you'd like to 
   be known for?" 
Jedico rumbles, "Let's see, how about..."
Jedico rumbles, "Anyone know where I was headed?"
Taliesin laughs.
Jedico smiles.
Taliesin says, "Good one."

Taliesin says, "Can you tell me if there is any part of
   Andor you'd like to visit ..." 
Taliesin asks, "if you were on a tour?"
Jedico rumbles, "Visit without death, you mean?"
Jedico smiles.
Taliesin gaze at a dagger engraved with the writing, "I've
   survived Estara's Dreaded Tours o' Death!". 
Taliesin nods to Jedico.
Taliesin says, "We'd have mages with us to help us out."
Jedico rumbles, "Yes... the pits... and maybe even hell."
Taliesin says, "Enough spells and people and we can go just 
   about anywhere." 
Jedico chuckles.
Taliesin asks, "Are there any particular events you'd like to see?"
Jedico rumbles, "More thinking than fighting...  ;)"
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "What can the temple do for you?"
Jedico blinks.
Taliesin asks, "Is there anything you need?"
Jedico rumbles, "You know... that is a problem I have had
   lately..." 
Jedico rumbles, "It is probably just me... but everyone
   seems to be asking what the temple can do for them." 
Jedico mutters something you can't quite make out.
Jedico rumbles, "I keep trying to figure what else I can do 
   for the temple." 
Taliesin asks, "So nothing for you?"
Jedico rumbles, "Yeh... the temple can give me more work. ;)"
Taliesin chuckles.
Jedico chuckles.
Taliesin asks, "Okay, what can you do for the temple?"
Jedico rumbles, "What I do is weapons."
Jedico shrugs.
Jedico opens a sooty black leather apron.
Taliesin asks, "Do you know anybody you could recommend as
   a new member?" 
Jedico gazes at a large shimmering white pearl with gentle
   blue light washing over it in a wave-like fashion. 
Jedico rumbles, "Alas no... I don't get out much from the forge."
Taliesin nods.
Jedico rumbles, "Except like today when I get bored.
Jedico rumbles, "And then it's to hunt alone."
Taliesin asks, "Last question: What changes would you like
   to see in the temple?" 
Jedico rumbles, "Ahhh...there's a biggie."
Taliesin smiles.
Jedico rumbles, "Really, Tali...the biggest change is
   taking place right now...." 
Taliesin listens carefully to Jedico.
Jedico rumbles, "At least for me... the opening of the third path."
Jedico rumbles, "Lelldorin has joined me and I think we can 
   make it work." 
Taliesin asks, "Are you happy, then?"
Jedico ponders.
Jedico rumbles, "Do you accept a difference between happy
   and content?" 
Jedico raises an eyebrow towards Taliesin.
Taliesin asks, "Which are you?"
Jedico smiles.
Jedico rumbles, "At the moment within the temple, I think
   closer to content." 
Taliesin asks, "What would make you happy?"
Jedico rumbles, "Besides Lisanne?"
Taliesin nods.
Jedico grins.
Taliesin asks, "What would elevate contentment to happiness 
   in the temple?" 
Jedico rumbles, "That feeling of true family we had when I
   first joined." 
Jedico rumbles, "And I don't know where it went nor how to
   get it back." 
Taliesin asks, "What will that take?"
Jedico shakes his head back and forth.
Taliesin says, "I think that's something we all share..."
Taliesin says, "and I think some of us have ideas on that."
Jedico rumbles, "That's the problem... I'm too simple and
   the problem is too complex."
Taliesin says, "I thank you for being so candid with me."
Jedico rumbles, "Candid I can do."
Jedico chuckles.
Taliesin says, "You are a good friend and an asset to the temple."
Taliesin says, "I'll see what I can do to restore that
  feeling of family. We all miss it."
Jedico hugs you.

                           * End of Interview *
