Hiya Tammy!

If you still wanna do something with the gargoyles, below is a
suggestion for what we could do.

In the temple of Amilor is stored the altar and the three 
gargoyles that supported it. (Best, I think, having an altar and 
3 separate gargoyles instead of the quickie statue we had.)

There is a gargoyle of a boy of about 8, a girl of about 6, and 
a younger boy of about 4.

Myrdhyn finds a scroll on re-animating gargoyles. The moons must 
be in a specific alignment, and a mage must cast Rite of Prep, 
Divine Blessing and Breath of Life, enhanced with creod or some 
rare gem or element. Energy is drawn from the moons to power the 
spell, and there is only enough to animate one gargoyle per moon 
alignment. (So only one gm is needed to play a kid.)

Wisps of energy flow down from the moons, seeping into the stone 
of the selected gargoyle, and the stone begins to flow like wax, 
until a living creature is revealed in its place as the mage is 
drained of power.

On wakening, the child will be terrified, with its last memory 
being the sight of Archaimbaud and Evangeliste disappearing in a 
bubble. The memories after being turned into a gargoyle are very 
weak, like dreams. The longer they were gargoyles, the harder it 
was for memories to form. On seeing Taliesin, the child cries,
"Daddy!" And, "Why do you look so old? What happened to you?"
The child will want the siblings reanimated as well. The child
is weak, but can answer questions from the backstory such as the 
following. 

Q. What year is it? A. 223
Q. Who are you? How old are you? A. Timotheus=8, Clarabelle=6, Mathaeus=4.
Q. What happened? A. Daddy's ex-wife killed mommy, made us
   gargoyles, and disappeared in a bubble with daddy. 

During this time, while people are questioning the child, which 
Taliesin is holding in his lap and comforting, Taliesin is
wondering aloud how he will raise the child, what he will do
without a mother for the child. After being animated for about a 
half hour, the onlookers are aghast when the spell wears off and 
the child returns to stone. 

Further attempts to re-animate must wait until the moons are 
aligned properly again.
 
Suggestions? Comments? Tomatoes? :)

-Dave
