                              ARMOTH'S PARROT

Have you ever heard the story of how Armoth got his parrot?  I know the REAL 
story!  It seems this newlywed couple were given the parrot as a present.  
They had it in their room the night of their honeymoon, and it kept making 
rude comments about the activities.

Scolding and cursing it made no difference, so finally they threw a sheet
over the cage, and warned the parrot that one more word and he'd be put out
to sea.  Well, the parrot had no desire to spend its days on rough seas with 
smelly sailors, so it finally shut up.

The next morning, the parrot was still in its cage, isolated by the sheet 
over the cage.  The couple were having trouble packing because their backpack 
wouldn't close.  The parrot hears the husband say, "Why don't you try getting 
on top, honey?"  Well, this didn't work.  So the wife says, "Didn't do it.  
Why don't YOU get on top?"  The backpack still wouldn't close, so the husband 
says, "I know!  We'll BOTH get on top!"

The parrot couldn't stand it any longer.  It whipped the cover off the cage, 
saying, "Sea or no sea, this I've gotta see!"  After that, they gave the 
parrot to Armoth. 

                                 THE ETTIN



                           TROLLS AND BAD SMELLS

Speaking of bad smells, have you ever caught whiff of a troll! <roll eyes> 
Whee-yoo!  Trolls smell SO bad ... <pause> the ettins have to hold BOTH their 
noses!  <wrinker nose>  Do you know why trolls wear high heels?  So their
knuckles don't drag on the ground when they walk! 

                         DEMETRIUS AND THE ANVIL 

Have you ever been to the Anvil?  Interesting bar.  I was sitting there one 
day, and a grasshopper hops in.  The bartender looks at him, and asks, "Did 
you know there's a drink named after you?"  And the grasshopper says,
"There's a drink named Steve?"

Another time, a werewolf lopes in and orders a drink.  The bartender looks
up, says, "We don't serve your kind here!" and shoots it in the foot. The
werewolf howls and runs out, limping.  The bandaged werewolf comes back the
next day with three of its friends, but only Demetrius and I were there.
Demetrius thumps the werewolf on the head and asks what it's doing there. The 
werewolf howls, "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw!" 

                               DIRTY DIRK'S

I was walking by Dirty Dirk's one night, and there was a "Closed" sign on the 
door.  It said, "Beat it!"

                            THE FLYING NEWBIE 

There was this newbie who was going to fly for the first time.  The mage cast 
Fly on him, and the newbie asked, "What happens when this wears off?"  The
mage tells him, "Don't worry.  It takes only a moment to fly to the Inner
Sea, you'll have plenty of time."  Well, the newbie was still anxious, and
asked again,  "But what do I do if it wears off?"  So the mage told him, "If
Fly wears off, put your hands together and say, 'Calamura' three times."  The 
newbie memorizes this, and flies off for the Inner Sea.  Unfortunately, he
got lost, and couldn't figure out where to land. After flying around, the
newbie's worst fear came true: the Fly spell wore off, and he started
plummeting downwards.  He put his hands together and said, "Calamura."  He
said it twice more, and a huge green hand came out of the water and gently
caught him.  The newbie said, "Oh, thank Amilor." And the green hand smashed
him into the sand! <slap boot>  It took two days to find the body, and even
though he was rezzed, he never flew again. 

                             THE SHERPA-MORPH

Deep in the snowy valleys of the Shartans there lives a seldom-seen creature
known as the sherpa-morph.  It seems that as long as the temperature is below 
freezing, the sherpa looks like a common humanoid.  It is a formidable foe,
which can wield a snow axe in each hand.  What's unusual about these
creatures is that, if it gets too warm, the sherpa can sprout a second set of 
arms.  One day, an adventurer was exploring the Shartans and came to a narrow 
ledge.  He was invisible, and had little fear of what he would find in his 
travels.  Unfortunately, he fell off the ledge and landed at the feet of a 
startled sherpa.  The fall had stunned the adventurer, and made him visible 
again.  Before he could recover, the sherpa lit a fire and warmed himself.  
Two more arms came popping out, and the sherpa grabbed up a set of axes and 
started hacking at the poor explorer.   The man was dead before he could
recover enough to defend himself.  The sherpa went back to his village and
told this story to his children.  The moral, he said, was, "Fore-warmed is 
four-armed!"

 




 






