You see Lelldorin Windbrook, a towering man of the wilderness
and a highmaster in the Foresters. He moves with the silent and
powerful grace of the mountain lion, his golden eyes could be
those of a noble eagle. 
He is wearing some bronze plated titanium armor crafted to
resemble the scales of a sea serpent, a golden ring inlayed with 
a silver oak tree, its leaves carved of sparkling emeralds, a
shadow fur medicine pouch of mysterious origin whose size and
shape almost seem to change with the hour, some deep brown
leather mukluks lined with thick mantico fur, and retractable
titanium spiked soles, a mantico fur lined duster of patchwork
leather studded with owl-shaped brass buttons, a sterling silver 
pin shaped like a flight of dragons soaring through the center
of a star, a dark brown wide- brimmed hat with a brilliant green 
feather in it, a waistpack made from the hides of several
strange creatures carefully stiched together, a deep brown
leather quiver on which is depicted a golden feathered eagle
soaring high above the Shartans and some deep brown leather
gloves weathered by the passing years and missing the fingers. 
He also wears a sea blue bandana emblazoned with a silver wave. 

Lelldorin extinguishes a hexagonal shaped lantern made of brass
and steel with a seemingly real fire elemental trapped within. 

Lelldorin grins.
Lelldorin drinks some sparkling ale.

Taliesin says, "Okay... What is your position in Amilor?"

Lelldorin says, "Well ah joined thah Hands path..."
Lelldorin says, "but right now ahm not sure what mah rank is."
Lelldorin says, "Jed hasn't told me."
Taliesin asks, "What craft will you pursue?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "Thaht's not ah hard one..."
Lelldorin says, "Woodlore."
Taliesin smiles.

Taliesin asks, "And were you a knight or priest before changing
   paths?" 
Lelldorin says, "right.."

Taliesin asks, "Which? What rank before switching?"

Lelldorin says, "But ah didn't find thah strictures of thah
   knights to mah likin'." 
Taliesin asks, "You were a knight?"
Lelldorin says, "Acolyte initiate."
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Can I ask your e-mail address?"
Lelldorin says, "kyle, or or kyle31@bridge.net"

Taliesin asks, "And when do you normally play?"
Lelldorin says, "Weekends or weekdays during the evenings."

Taliesin asks, "How long have you been playing?"
Lelldorin says, "About 2 1/2 years."

Taliesin asks, "Where do you normally hunt?"
Lelldorin says, "Elemental giants, ursines, wastes. But since ah 
   got mah new psi skills... black tower or sirens."

Taliesin asks, "So you now hunt with psi as well as by bow?"
Lelldorin shakes his head back and forth.
Lelldorin says, "Ah only learned psi for thah haste, flying and
   levitate really." 
Lelldorin says, "Not for combat."
Lelldorin says, "Ah get headaches enough with just them."
Taliesin chuckles.

Taliesin says, "I've never tried sirens. I'd like to the next
   time you go." 
Lelldorin says, "Sure, they're not so bad."

Taliesin asks, "Who do you hunt with most?"
Lelldorin says, "Eaglesoul... he makes ah good guard."
Lelldorin says, "We archers need guards."
Taliesin chuckles.
Lelldorin grins.
Taliesin says, "You're part of the BT gang."
Lelldorin says, "Ah guess so... but ah still can't hit golems
   worth ah darn." 
Taliesin grins.

Taliesin asks, "What brought you to Fayd?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin looks around and pushes the curtain to see if anyone is 
   outside. 
Lelldorin says, "Um... women."
You laugh.
Lelldorin says, "Not here... but mah village."
Lelldorin drinks some sparkling ale.
Taliesin asks, "You heard Fayd had women?"
Lelldorin says, "Well, it wasn't thah women here, but some...
   er, women ah had tah get away from in mah village." 
You laugh.
Taliesin asks, "Where is your village?"
Lelldorin says, "In ah nice valley within thah Shartans."
Lelldorin says, "There's ah small river runnin' along side of it."
Taliesin asks, "Is there something in your past that may catch
   up with you? A jealous husband?  Children?" 
Taliesin shudders.
Lelldorin coughs.
Lelldorin shakes his head back and forth.
Taliesin wipes his brow.

Taliesin asks, "What is your favorite possession?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin slips a bone handled dirk into a sheath attached to
   his right mukluk. 
Lelldorin gives Taliesin a large bone handled dirk made
   expressly for skinning. 
Taliesin gazes at a large bone handled dirk made expressly for
   skinning. 

Lelldorin says, "Ah guess it would have tah be thaht."
Taliesin asks, "Did you get this from someone special?"
Lelldorin says, "It was mah grandpappy's."
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin touches a large bone handled dirk made expressly for
    skinning. 
Lelldorin says, "He gave it tah me before ah left."
Taliesin gives a large bone handled dirk made expressly for
   skinning to Lelldorin. 
Lelldorin slips a bone handled dirk into a sheath attached to
   his right mukluk. 

Taliesin asks, "Can you teach all your skills?"
Lelldorin nods.
Lelldorin is now teaching Missile Weapons (skill #3, up to level 35).
Lelldorin is now teaching Climbing (skill #5, up to level 10).
Lelldorin is now teaching Dodging & Parrying (skill #6, up to level 34).
Lelldorin is now teaching Combat Maneuvering (skill #10, up to level 15).
Lelldorin is now teaching Edged Weapons (skill #13, up to level 1).
Lelldorin is now teaching Wood Lore (skill #18, up to level 35).
Lelldorin is now teaching Psionics (skill #26, up to level 1).
Lelldorin is now teaching Mind over Matter (skill #28, up to level 12).
Lelldorin is now teaching Transcendence (skill #29, up to level 1).
Lelldorin is now teaching Sagecraft (skill #32, up to level 3).
Lelldorin says, "And specialized in greatbow."
Taliesin says, "Impressive."
Lelldorin grins.
Lelldorin drinks some sparkling ale.
Taliesin says, "Can you tell me what level you are?
Lelldorin says, "69th rank"
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Do you know anyone who would make a good member?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "Not at thah moment... either mah friends are
   Amilorians... or Foresters.... or allied with another guild."
Lelldorin says, "Ah know no guildless people."
Lelldorin chuckles.

Taliesin asks, "If you were to tour Andor, what part would you
   like to see?" 
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "Thah planes."

Taliesin asks, "What kind of events would you like to see?"
Lelldorin says, "Well... Ah talked with Shane about this..."
You listen carefully to Lelldorin.
Lelldorin says, "Ahm suppose tah put together ah hot tub party
   next month." 
Lelldorin grins.
Lelldorin says, "Other than thaht.. Ah would like us tah start
   help rebuildin' thah village." 
Taliesin nods to Lelldorin.

Taliesin asks, "Is there anything the temple can do for you?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "Nuthin' special personally."
Lelldorin ponders.
Taliesin asks, "Is there anything you can do for the temple?"
Lelldorin says, "Ah would just like tah see us work together more."
Taliesin nods to Lelldorin.
Lelldorin says, "Ah was thinkin of trainin' thah villagers tah
   shoot ah bow." 
Taliesin ponders for a moment.
Taliesin asks, "Anything else?"
Lelldorin says, "Help gather herbs and other plants..."
Lelldorin says, "train people."

Taliesin asks, "Are you interested in leadership?"
Lelldorin chuckles.
Taliesin whistles innocently.
Lelldorin says, "Not in thah strictest sense..."
Lelldorin says, "Ah, er..."
Lelldorin says, "Ah dont mind leadin'... but Ah dont like it
   bein' ah official rank." 
Taliesin smiles.

Taliesin asks, "What are your plans for the future? What are
   your goals?" 
Lelldorin says, "Easy one..."
You cock your head to the side.
Lelldorin says, "Build ah home... ah business... and find ah
   good woman..." 
Lelldorin says, "Not in thaht order, mind yah."
Taliesin laughs.

Taliesin says, "Tell me something amazing about yourself."
Lelldorin says, "Mahself?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "What yah see is what yah get."
Taliesin asks, "Do you have a phrase or quote you would like to
   be known for?"
Lelldorin ponders. 
Lelldorin says, "Always be true to yourself."
Taliesin nods to Lelldorin.

Taliesin asks, "What would you change in the temple?"
Lelldorin ponders.
Lelldorin says, "Ah'm not sure... nuthin' seems tah be really
   broken." 

Taliesin says, "I think that's it! Good job."

Lelldorin raises a toast to you!
Lelldorin drinks some sparkling ale.
Taliesin chuckles.

Lelldorin drinks some sparkling ale.
A raucous belch escapes Lelldorin's lips.

                     * End of Interview *