Dear Lexa:

Despite our love for each other, we seem to have lost the
ability to get along together. I don't know where it went, maybe 
my recent misfortunes have made me more intolerant. I just know 
that I'm hurting, and that you're hurting, and we continue to hurt
each other. 

We can't even seem to communicate. When I ask how you're doing, 
the response is usually, "I'm fine" even when you're mad at me. 
If I want to chat with you, you tell me to take my time, or some 
other phrase that implies I don't have time for you. 

I can't seem to do anything right in your eyes. Whatever I say
you interpret in the worst possible manner. You disbelieve 
things I say in all honesty.

I'm not saying these things to hurt you, but to explain why I
feel like any relationship we might have would be doomed. There
are just too many things about me that anger you. 

I remember a time when you called me "Flirt" and we had a good
time together. We would hunt or chat or go on adventures, and I
didn't feel like my every move was scrutinized and criticized. I 
miss those times. 

When I was married to Shalana, I told you that I loved you, and
that if things were different I hoped we could be together. I
meant what I said then, but things have gone awry and I don't
know how to undo the damage that has been done. I have lost a
wife twice now, and the pain of it, still fresh in my heart, is
a terrible thing to bear. The thought of risking that again is
too much for me to think about. 

I still think that you are an intelligent, attractive, strong
and influential woman with good prospects ahead of her. You are
fiercely loyal to your friends, and self-sacrificing for a good
cause. I love all those things about you, and I still love you.
If you ever need a friend to talk with or to help you, I will be 
there. I couldn't be who you wanted me to be, and certainly not
so soon after losing Shalana. I am terribly sorry.

I wish you all the luck in the world. If Destrar can make you
happy, he has my best wishes.

Love,
Tali 
