[Temple of Amilor, Courtyard]
As you step into the large enclosed courtyard in the heart of the temple,
you see an immense block of purest white marble, placed exactly in the
center of the area, covered with images of sea creatures playing in the
waves or battling sharks. Shimmering runes decorate the sides of the
sculpture, formed from deep cuts filled with molten silver. Placed
before the altar is a large golden basin encrusted with glittering
sapphires, pearls and aquamarines. Each of the four walls has been painted
with a mural depicting a season of the year and waters effect on it.
Rising from the floor, behind the altar, is a golden oak of majestic
strength and beauty.
You see Rain, Eaglesoul (sitting), Diane and Arthus. 

Rain says, "Well , what I wanted to ask was..."
Rain asks, "First...What do you think of the temple now and what would you like
it to become?"

You ask, "Who goes first?"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "oldest first!"
You gaze at Diane.
Rain chuckles.
Arthus grins.
You say, "Diane has rank."
Eaglesoul sternly says, "and beauty!"
Diane says, "Not fair, I haven't been here for awhile."
Eaglesoul gazes at Diane.
You nod to Eaglesoul.
Arthus says, "oh no.. she's young"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "ya win diane..ya got it all!"
Arthus grins.
Diane says, "I am young again."
Arthus nods to Diane.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "make er talk rain!"
Rain smiles.
Rain says, "Why dont you start, Tal"
You say, "I can go if Diane doesn't wish to."
You chuckle.
You say, "I'm concerned about the temple..."
Diane says, "At the moment I think the temple is moving slowly in the right
direction."
You say, "our membership participation has dropped dramatically..."
Rain nods.
You say, "and I feel a lack of leadership."
Rain nods.

You ask, "Diane... did you have something?"
Eaglesoul gazes at Diane.
Diane says, "Well for lack of event's I'd say we were doing well, most
Rain nods.

Diane says, "alot has happened that got out of hand but I think thats cured."
You nod to Diane.
Arthus nods to Diane.
Rain says, "So there is hope then."
Rain chuckles.
You nod to Rain.
Arthus nods.
You say, "For a while it seemed..."
Arthus says, "of course there is, else none of us will be here"
Arthus grins.
You say, "like things were going downhill..."
Diane says, "So its basicly just time that heals and we'll start to go foward
again, this type of thing has happened before."

You say, "and now it seems like we're just trying to find our direction again."
Rain nods.

You say, "It helps that you're on board, Rain."
Eaglesoul nods to you.
Rain smiles.
Rain asks, "Okay, anyone else have something to add?"
Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards Arthus.
Arthus nods.
Arthus says, "I'll like to add little"
Rain nods to Arthus.
Arthus says, "leadership, as tali had mentioned, is defintiely something we
need to worry about."
Arthus says, "then..."
Arthus says, "there're some issues regarding temple organization"
You nod.
Rain asks, "issues like what?"
Arthus says, "for example, stuffs like inventory needs to be checked regularly"
Rain nods.
Rain asks, "You mean inventory which belongs to the temple which players hold?"
Arthus nods to Rain.
Rain nods.
You say, "What are the temple assets and who has them."
Arthus says, "as well as those available for members to borrow"
Rain nods.
Rain says, "That sounds reasonable enough."
Arthus says, "another thing I hope to see is more events. Mayber even some
major ones so as to get the temple folks together"
Rain nods.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "is the village is tuesdays..still open?"
Rain says, "There will be more events...at least one big one a month."
You beam happily.
Arthus nods to Rain.
Rain says, "Sometimes...I don't control that script, Chanatahe does."
You say, "It was closed this Tuesday because..."
Arthus says, "that'll be wonderful. Also regarding the times of the events. I
certainly hope it will be suitable for most to take part"
You say, "there were big events that day. It's been open the weeks before."
Rain says, "But, I will do my best to pester him until he puts it up on
tuedays."
Rain nods.
You say, "Chan has been putting it up."
Rain says, "If there are alot og guild events going on, we can spare the space
to add the village."
You ask, "Can't spare?"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "it shows..that amilor has sometin special goin on.."
Rain says, "And that day for some reason, we had like four events going on at
once."
Eaglesoul sternly says, "understandable!"
Arthus nods.
Rain says, "We are close to the memory limit here, that is why we are moving to
System II NOv. 1st."
Eaglesoul sternly says, "nice"

Arthus asks, "will the borderkeep be ready by then?"
You ask, "The beta is released Nov 1st?"
Rain says, "And believe it or not, it really looks like it is going to happen
on schedule this time."
Rain chuckles.
Arthus chuckles.
You remove a quill pen inscribed with the writing, "The Bank of Fayd" in blue
from the satchel.
Rain nods to you.
You moisten the tip of the quill with your tongue.
The pen flows effortlessly across your parchment.
You smile.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "rain...how much leeway exists at this time about
reorganization?"
Rain says, "The village will probably be a permanent feature there."
Rain says, "Depends what you mean by reorganizing."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "i've always said..i'd rather see a closely knit family
rather than a knighthood order"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "others..may not agree"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "but i feel..that folks should be here to have fun..and
not to be ordered about"

Rain says, "Well, as it stands now, it looks like Shane will be appointed to
the Royal court and you will have to appoint a new leader..."
Eaglesoul sternly says, "what does that mean ooc?"
You ask, "We will or Amilor will?"
Diane says, "I don't know abo"
Rain says, "At that time, you should get together with whoever the new leader
is and work out how you would like to reorganize."

Rain says, "Well...I am not sure how you have done it in the past, Amilor can
appoint or you could elect."

Diane says, "Amilor appointed."
Rain nods.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "can ya please explain what ya mean about shane goin
off?"
Arthus asks, "shouldn't Jasmine be the leader?"
Arthus says, "I mean she was till Shane took over"
Diane says, "She is, as far as I know."
Rain asks, "I have heard that Jasmine was actually a co-leader. Is this
correct?"
Diane nods.
You say, "The way I understood it..."
 You say, "Jasmine was the leader, and she conferred with Shane on
everything..."
You say, "until Shane became Defender and assumed control."
Arthus nods to you.
Arthus says, "that's what I thought too"

Rain says, "Shane will have a position at the royal court...this is ooc
knowledge as it has not happened yet."
You nod.

Diane says, "Well the way its suppose to be is we have a Preceptor and we have
a High priestess or priest."

Rain nods.
Diane says, "and a Defender is a lord of all, but not for day to day things."
Rain says, "Well, I will have to speak with Jasmine."
Rain nods to Diane.
Arthus nods to Rain.

Diane says, "A Defender of the faith is the right hand of Amilor"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "will jasmine be around..goin forward?"
You nod to Eaglesoul.
Rain nods to Diane.

Lelldorin enters the courtyard.
Lelldorin waves.

Rain says, "Okay, how much do you think Amilor should influence the decisions
here and how much do you think the members should...this is from an ooc
standpoint."
You hug Lelldorin.
Rain waves to Lelldorin.
You shudder.
Lelldorin asks, "whats doin?"
Arthus smiles at Lelldorin.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "amilor meetin with rain!"
You say, "Temple meeting, Lell."

Lelldorin nods.
Lelldorin ponders.
You say, "I've been wrestling with that question, Rain."
You say, "For months now."

Lelldorin asks, "what are we discussing?"

Rain says, "I mean, I could just say "Here is your leader and this is how the
temple will be run" but I think you might enjoy having more of a hand in it
than that."
You say, "At the moment, how much influence we feel Amilor should exert."

Arthus nods to Rain.
Lelldorin asks, "leader as in Shane or A'Leader as in we may have to choose a new one.
You say, "Leader as in we may have to choose a new one."
Rain says, "Leader as in whoever leads the temple.
Lelldorin asks, "what happened to Shane?"

Arthus says, "In my opinion, it will be better if us members decide for
ourselves, in ooc that ie. Then in ooc at least"
Rain says, "Shane is fine, he may be moving on to other things in the game
though."
 
Lelldorin nods.
Arthus says, "and er in IC, it will look as though Amilor chose that person"

Eaglesoul nods to Arthus.

Rain nods.

You say, "I can't decide how much Amilor should exert, perhaps we could all
'pray' to him and then he makes his ruling."

Lelldorin says, "the person who should be picked is someone who can devote
enough time to it"

Diane says, "Well that basicly is how its almost always done Arthus."

You ask, "Should I invite Estara?"

Eaglesoul nods to you.

Rain says, "Yes, I know from personal experience that running a guild or temple
can and should take alot of time."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "if she cares about amilor..she should come"
conta est Can you come to the temple? We're having a meeting.

Rain nods to Diane.
You contact Estara with your thoughts.

Arthus says, "was it? I wasn't aware of it"

You say, "She does."
Arthus nods to Rain.
Eaglesoul nods to you.

Arthus says, "yes time is a major issue"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "maybe..rain should be the leader?"
Diane says, "Thats why we always stand around whispering alot."
Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards Rain.

You chuckle at Diane.
Lelldorin says, "that rules me out..not that I think i'd be picked anways"
Lelldorin chuckles.

conta est Come in the arch, touch the basin, then go door.

Rain asks, "Yes of course the choices made would be ooc and Amilor would give
the commands, I just mean do you want the commands actually coming from me or
from you?"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "ya had my vote lell"

Lelldorin pokes Eaglesoul.

You say, "I'll be back."

You open a small wooden door.
Rain nods to you.

Lelldorin says, "howabout we find out first who wants the job"

Diane gropes around, trying to hide.

Rain says, "I don't think guildmasters getting free time will fly."
Arthus says, "or rather who can afford the times"
Rain chuckles.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "aye..we now know that's it's very hard to be the gm"

Diane says, "It never has."

Eaglesoul nods to Rain.
Rain waves to Estara.
Estara smiles.
Estara waves to Rain.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "who would be interested in our opinion?"
Diane smiles and holds up her hand showing a burnt piece of gold plastic.

Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards you.

Rain says, "Well.. alot can be done if the leader doesnt try and do it all him
or herself."

Lelldorin gazes at Diane.
You nod to Rain.
You say, "We need to be able to delegate well."
Rain nods to you.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "nothin wrong with delegating"
Lelldorin asks, "does there need to be one leader?"
Rain says, "That has an added bonus of giving everyone something to do."
You nod to Lelldorin.

Rain says, "And letting them feel they are contributing."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "shall we list the members willing to do it?"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "i believe we'll find the list short"

Lelldorin says, "heres another question to narrow down who can acsend to
leadership.."

Lelldorin asks, "does the person have to be a knight, priest or higher rank?"

Rain says, "Well probably should be in the upper ranks, and know the history of
the temple well."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "that's just part of qualifications...i wouldn't vote
for someone not knowledgeable"

Arthus asks, "how about skills wise?"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "skills shouldn't matter..i don't think"

Arthus nods to Eaglesoul.

Rain says, "I dont think skills are an important factor."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "lexa is wimpy..and the guild leader"
You laugh at Eaglesoul!

Arthus says, "knowledge is very important. Dedication is the most"
Eaglesoul nods to Arthus.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "agreed there..that's y the list of candidates is
short"

Arthus says, "which means time and money[]"
Arthus chuckles.
Lelldorin says, "the person needs to be organized and able to motivate and have
a very good background of the temple"

Rain says, "Okay... well just stew it over for a while and when/ if the time
comes, maybe some brilliant ideas will emerge."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "till then...what?"

Arthus asks, "btw are we deciding for the whole temple, or just the knight's
order?"

Diane says, "can always win the lottery."

Rain says, "The whole temple."

Rain nods to Diane.

Arthus nods.

Rain says, "me first."

Rain winks.
You chuckle.


Rain asks, "Okay another thing I wanted to discuss is what do you want to see
in temple events?"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "loot..magic items!"
Estara grins.
Diane chuckles.
Lelldorin chuckles.
Arthus says, "good plot"
You chuckle at Eaglesoul.

You say, "Works for me."

Rain chuckles.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "please..please..prety please!"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "er CYBER caches!"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "er CYBER caches!"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "er CYBER caches!"

Lelldorin says, "well there seems to be some plot threads left hanging right
now"

Arthus says, "prefably big ones, so the plot can develop better"
You say, "I'd like to see events that involve us in the public, not just by
ourselves."

Rain says, "Okay there will be some loot  and religious artifacts."
Rain chuckles.
You say, "The T'kasta events are nice because others can get involved."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "and cyber items?"
Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards Rain.
Arthus tickles Eaglesoul.
Lelldorin asks, "what ever happned with The She Who Whispers plot?"

Rain says, "Cyber shmyber"

You chuckle at Rain.

Eaglesoul pouts.
Rain nods.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "i'll never get ears that wiggle at this rate!"

Eaglesoul pouts.

You wiggle your ears.

Rain says, "I have no idea, if it was Montar's , it left with him."

Eaglesoul sighs.

Diane asks, "Ok, so we won that one, who killed her?"

Lelldorin frowns.

Rain asks, "So you want something like I do for the T'kasta? NPC's that show up
and interact with all, etc?"

Lelldorin asks, "can it be finished somewho or salvaged?"
'I like it. I don't know about the others.

You say, "I like it. I don't know about the others."

Rain says, "Probably, I'll have to speak with Chanatahe about it."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "your plots r always great rain"
You nod to Eaglesoul.

Rain says, "Not always, but getting better."

Lelldorin says, "it should be guild specific..not open to everyone"

Rain smiles at Eaglesoul.

Lelldorin says, "if thats what you meant"

Arthus says, "a bit of both will be good."

You say, "I think a mix is nice, Lelldorin..."

Arthus nods to you.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "anytin that makes us feel like we accomplished
sometin...is grand"

Lelldorin nods to Eaglesoul.

You say, "public ones expose us and raise the consciousness of us."

Rain nods.

You say, "Just think if we saved the city."
You grin.

Arthus nods to you.

Rain says, "Yes T'kasta membership grows and grows."

Lelldorin says, "been there don that"

Lelldorin grins.

You chuckle at Lelldorin.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "er..but lots of loot and magic items...lots and lots
and lots and lots!"

Eaglesoul prays to the gods.
You tickle Eaglesoul.

Rain chuckles at Eaglesoul.

Lelldorin says, "I think Amilor is about to drown you"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "eek"

(Lelldorin steps away from Eaglesoul)

You say, "Yeah, I never got my psi boosted above 130 like some other guilds."
You grin.

Lelldorin asks, "howabout plots that tie in with the history of the temple?"

Arthus asks, "perhaps some special armor/items for us ?"

You nod to Lelldorin.

Rain nods.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "am sure that rain can work wonders..given time"

You say, "Until he dries up."
You grin.

You say, "brb"


Delight enters the courtyard.

Diane says, "Well I always like events so how ever there put together is
alright to me."

Rain chuckles.

Rain says, "okay"

Rain waves to Delight.

Estara warmly says, "Hello Delight"

(Lelldorin tightens a sea blue bandana emblazoned with a silver wave)
 
Eaglesoul sternly says, "aye..anytin that gets us together and has us havin fun
is grand~"

Lelldorin says, "we all dont have amulets though"
Delight hugs Estara.
Estara hugs Delight.

Lelldorin pushes a dark brown wide-brimmed hat with a brilliant green feather
in it.
Lelldorin tips his hat politely.

Diane smiles at Delight.
Estara beams at Delight.

Lelldorin says, "howdy Delight"

Rain says, "Okay so basically you want events....and loot and cyber ears."
snor

Eaglesoul nods to Rain.
You snort.
Eaglesoul nods to Rain.
Eaglesoul nods to Rain.
Eaglesoul nods to Rain.
Eaglesoul nods to Rain.

Estara grins.
You say, "Events, anyway."

Lelldorin says, "loot and cyber ears are very secondary"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "tal is gettin married..he'll need a cyber
(cough)..too"

Diane says, "loot, and cyber ears don't bother me, but events are fun."

Estara furrows her brow.
You poke Eaglesoul.

Arthus says, "I think plot is first, then some special items for us"

Rain nods to Delight.

Rain nods.

Lelldorin ponders.

Eaglesoul listens to a cyber ear.
Lelldorin listens to a cyber ear.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "ooh"

You smirk.

Rain takes a cyber ear of Amilorian doom.

You shudder.

You fail to find a suitable hiding place.
 [Round: 2 sec]

Eaglesoul sternly says, "it keeps sayin oil me...oil me!"

Eaglesoul shrugs.

Lelldorin asks, "whats next on the plate?"

Rain asks, "Okay... does anyone have anything they would like to discuss?"

Lelldorin nods.

Rain listens carefully to Lelldorin.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "i'd like to see the rules the temple operates under in
writin"

Delight smiles at Estara.

Lelldorin asks, "the village that is open to us every tuesday..howabout tying
events to it?"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "especially discipline rules!"

Rain nods to Lelldorin.
Rain nods to Eaglesoul.
Rain asks, "Like "No talking at the same time" ?"
You say, "I think the way we were supposed to handle discipline was good, but
that the implementation left something to be desired."


Rain smiles.

You say, "After all, the knights are a mililtary order."
Rain says, "Well if there isnt anything else, we can end the meeting."

Delight leans on Estara.

Arthus nods to you.
You say, "Join the knights, and discipline is to be expected. The priests can
do things their own way."

Rain listens carefully to you.

Lelldorin asks, "howabout putting some of the stuff in are handbook on the
website?"

You nod to Lelldorin.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "it's important that ya let members know ya will be
there rain"
You say, "Good idea."

Delight exclaims, "Someone invis Star! Tali's not supposed to see her today!"

Arthus says, "Gunnar was doing the website"
You say, "I think Gunnar had some stuff for that too."

Lelldorin says, "Thah Hands dont need no discipline"
You laugh at Delight!

Eaglesoul struggles to his feet.

Eaglesoul incants a spell.

Eaglesoul gestures at Taliesin.
You feel a tingling sensation.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "i'd rather invis tal.."


Lelldorin paces back and forth.

You say, "The wedding isn't until tomorrow, Delight. It's 11pm right now."
You suddenly fade into view.
You smile.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "the temple should be for folks havin fun..not for
handin out punishment"

Rain shakes his head at Arthus.

Lelldorin asks, "what would a person have to do to be dealt a punishment?"

You say, "Attack a lawkeep."
You say, "Aid evil."

Delight chuckles at you.
You say, "It's true."

You gaze at Delight.

Diane says, "disobeying orders, punching lawkeeps, things like that."
Delight says, "Use shadowsteel or dark necro."
Estara warmly says, "cast evil necro spells"

Delight nods to you.

You say, "If you do something like that, you should expect punishment. But it
should fit the crime."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "once the leader is chosen..those fine points could be
discussed"

You say, "And it can be done so it's not a hardship. Just keep it IC."

You nod to Eaglesoul.

Lelldorin says, "I think some guidlines could be written down..but hard fast
rules are not the way to go..in my opinion"
You nod to Lelldorin.

Arthus nods.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "i only wanted rules written down..so they're not
abused"

Arthus says, "the first thing is to get a leader selected"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "same thing about handing out items and such"

Lelldorin nods to Eaglesoul.

Arthus nods to Eaglesoul.

Lelldorin says, "thats a good idea"

You say, "I think these are things to discuss when we have a new leader."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "we need to know who gets what..when and why"
Eaglesoul nods to you.
Eaglesoul sternly says, "shall we vote?"
Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards you.

Rain says, "Well, you could start a topic on the message board for that."

You ask, "now?"
You shake your head.

You nod to Rain.

Rain says, "A topic where people list what temple items they have."
Arthus says, "yes a message board for it will be good"

You say, "I vote that Jasmine is restored as leader, and then we vote on the
new Precept."

Arthus nods to you.
Arthus says, "I support that"

Rain says, "Don't start voting for a new leader before the old one leaves."
Rain chuckles.

You slouch a bit.
You say, "Oh, alright."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "i'd want to make certain that Jasmine is around enough
of the time"
You grin.

Diane says, "well we need a precep"
Lelldorin nods to Eaglesoul.
Arthus nods to Diane.
Arthus says, "we need one no matter what"
Rain nods.

You say, "Jasmine doesn't need a daily presence, and she will be around often
enough."

Arthus says, "coz we don't have one now"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "between you and tal..who want's it?"

You say, "Responsibility can fall on the highest ranking officer available at
the time."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "or Lell?"

Diane asks, "I take it Shane didn't do the upgrades before he left?"

Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards Lelldorin.

Lelldorin punches Eaglesoul!
You raise an eyebrow towards Diane.

Lelldorin exclaims, "stop that!"

Eaglesoul sternly says, "didn't think so"
You ask, "upgrades?"

Arthus arches his eyebrow.

Rain says, "THe leader doesnt necessarily have to be online alot, as long as
they have time to read e-mail and put some effort into it from at home off
line, or whatever."

Diane says, "ok, that answers that, it was right before I left."
You nod to Rain.
Arthus nods to Rain.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "am i the new senior scrub boy now?"

You say, "It's actually better if the leader doesn't micro-manage."

Eaglesoul beams happily.

Arthus says, "well eagle. since you're the newest addition to the temple, I
think you're sill junior"

Arthus winks at Eaglesoul.

Eaglesoul pouts.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "i'll go put back my brushes.."

You say, "Now you'll have to recruit someone just so you be junior."
You smile at Eaglesoul.

Rain chuckles.
Eaglesoul gazes at Estara.

Arthus says, "you can be senior, but it won't be much good coz you're the only
one"

You laugh at Eaglesoul!
Eaglesoul sternly says, "say...estara?"
Estara grins.

You are now guarding Estara.


Lelldorin asks, "Delight..are you a Hand?"

You say, "She's a follower."

Delight shakes her head back and forth.

Delight says, "But Lisanne may be.."

Delight says, "though she had requested entry into the priest's path..."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "aye..remember her sayin sometin about joinin the
hands"

Delight gazes at some blackened eldritch titanium armor inset with an onyx
stone in the shape of a black wingless dragon.

Rain says, "Well... if any of you have any specific thoughts on the temple or
events, you can write me at Icedrake@novalink.com"

Lelldorin nods to Rain.

Rain nods to Diane.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "just stay on top of the temple rain"
Eaglesoul sternly says, "we need to know ya care!"

Lelldorin ponders.

Rain says, "Its kind of high up there."

You say, "That's where Rain falls."
You look up.

Arthus grins.

Eaglesoul incants a spell.

Eaglesoul gestures at Rain.
Rain shimmers magically.

Rain says, "I do care
Eaglesoul sternly says, "fixed it now"

Delight nods to Rain.

You nod to Rain.

Delight says, "It shows, Rain."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "that's all we need then..and the rest will fall in
place"

You say, "That's why we're all pleased to have you as our patron."

Lelldorin says, "All gms care..or they wouldnt be gm'ing"

Rain nods to Lelldorin.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "aye..but so much for gm's to do..and amilor needs
extra care at ths time"

Rain says, "That or because they are insane."

Delight chuckles at Rain.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "once we're off the ground....it's a different matter"

Delight says, "Or a little of both."

Estara smiles.

Lelldorin chuckles.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "thought ya guys were greedy and were gettin fabulously
wealthy here?"

Eaglesoul raises an eyebrow towards Rain.

You snort.

Rain laughs at Eaglesoul!
Rain laughs at Eaglesoul!
Rain laughs at Eaglesoul!

Eaglesoul chuckles.
Arthus chuckles.

Delight shakes her head at Lelldorin.

Delight chuckles at Rain
Rain coughs.

Delight says, "Aw come on, Rain, level with us.."
Delight grins.

Eaglesoul sternly says, "heh..just wanted to end the meetin on a laughin note!"
 it go?

A tiny bell chimes softly inside your charm as you shake it.

Arthus asks, "oh so then, how/when are we suppose to vote on the preceptor?"

Rain says, "Well... I think that will end the meeting, I need to finish some
stuff for the wedding and I'll try and have a minor event before but I can't
promise. I mostly just wanted to see how you all felt about things."

Eaglesoul sternly says, "er..first we see how many folks want it?"

Lelldorin appears to become less nimble.
You hug Rain.


Lelldorin nods to Rain.

You say, "Thank you, Rain."

Lelldorin says, "thanks Rain"

Arthus smiles at Rain.

Eaglesoul bows towards Rain.

Arthus says, "no hurry. the wedding is more important"

Estara smiles.
You nod to Arthus.
You nod to Arthus.
.
You nod to Arthus.

Rain says, "Submit your ideas to me for Precep by e-mail please."

Arthus says, "just do a gret wedding and forget about the event. we can do the
vent again, but not another wedding"

Arthus grins.

Diane says, "yes, get Tali out of your hair for awhile."

You run your fingers through your hair.
You blink at Diane.

Diane chuckles.

Rain chuckles.

Estara giggles.

Delight chuckles.

Rain says, "Thanks for coming."

Rain waves.

With a thunderous roar, the watery dragon takes flight.
