Hiya Cheryl,

Below is what I have planned to bring news of Taliesin's death to Fayd.
I'll use Shirla's character, if you can change her name, sex and description.
I'll need black desert robes, a black turban, black leather sandals and a
tattoo on his cheek that depicts a hooded cobra. Plus, a camel will need to
be genned and then deleted.

-Dave

Lazaar phases in.
Lazaar clutches his head.
Lazaar cries out in agony.
Lazaar falls to the ground.
Your thoughts are jarred by the death of Lazaar.

> Look at Lazaar
You see a deeply tanned man standing four feet tall but of proud bearing, his
piercing blue eyes filled with pain and sadness. His head is heavily bandaged 
but his wiry dark hair and beard manage to be seen. He has many fresh scars.
He is wearing black desert robes, a black turban, leather sandals and a 
tattoo on his cheek that depicts a hooded cobra.
He is dead.

Someone rezzes Lazaar.

Lazaar moans.
Lazaar says, "Do not use your powers, said he, but I would not listen."
Lazaar rubs his temples.
Lazaar concentrates.
Lazaar concentrates.
Lazaar concentrates.
Lazaar groans.
Lazaar says, "Lost my powers now, I have. Cursed I must be."
Lazaar gazes around the area.
Lazaar asks, "Know any of you a man named Thinra'al Zamfirna?"
Lazaar says, "Something of his I have for you, and a story to tell."

Lazaar is taken into the saloon and he tells his story:

Horrible, it was...

Horrible. In large numbers the creatures would attack. In battle, a swirling
vortex of mutlicolored mana streams they were... a tornado of magical power. 
Never had we seen demons as these.

If slay them you did, then would you see the creature within, a large-skulled 
humanoid with limbs strong and wiry. These mana devils, called storm stalkers 
by some, they drained the mana from us and threw it back in a terrible blast. 

Gruesome was the result. Our mages most powerful were first to drop, and the
ability to raise the dead we lost.

Our mentalists and fighters only stood a chance, and only if they were low in 
mana. But even they had mana enough that the devils struck them down with
damage horrendous. 

Slain or injured were many of my tribe. Our Reija was lain to bed in a coma
to heal. 

Fight them we couldn't, nor the speed to outrun them. Yet something we must
do, or all would perish. Blessed we were, for a wise man our Hodja is.

Forgot we did that there was a man with strength to fight the devils, and no
mana to be used against him. A cripple, we called him. 

Sent him away to live here, we did. Now needed we our Thinra'al Zamfirna.
Hodja, himself in the healer's hut with injuries severe, teleported Thinra
back to us. Tend to the wounded, he did, before he'd even speak to us.

To my bedside he came, to check my head wound. Great mental powers I had,
according to him. But not to use them, said he, until my head had healed. A
bit more we spoke, and realized he did that I was the last to be healed. Time 
it was to face the demons. 

A beautiful sword he drew from his satchel, and asked of me to hold it until
his return. Then, with pain upon his face, to himself he whispered, "I love
you, Delight." And out went he.

On top of a dune stood we and watched as he strode into the wastes, away from
our mana. From our camp he would draw a few creatures at a time, and one by
one would he kill them, then again do the same.

A terrible beating he would get from each one, for though they could not draw
mana from him, savage whips had they and some mana of their own. Across the
desert, other tribes could we see gathering to watch, forced to keep their
distance. 

For hours fought Thinra, and the dunes were lit by the blasts of the demons'
attacks and his psionic bolts. Then, with their numbers dwindling, the
creatures changed their attack. Together they drew, to fight Thinra as one.

In dismay we watched as all attacked at once. Lost from sight was he as the
remaining devils on him converged. Brought down half of them he did, but
then... 

a terrible cry he gave, and when the creatures parted, nothing was left but
some odds and ends buried in the sand. 

With an ear-splitting roar, our tribes joined together to face the last
creatures. With such numbers against so few devils, we finally slew the 
last of them.

Such a terrible sight I had never seen, and never seen the tribes of the
desert, so independent and quarrelsome, join together for any task. 

For days did we mourn the lost, and sing of the one who saved us, but himself
was lost. When the Reija woke, and learned the news, she gave out a great cry,
and sank back into her coma.

It was days before Hodja could soothe her dreams enough to bring her back.
Then days did she search the desert, until finally returning with but one
thing, a severed chain holding a bloodied wedding pendant with a sparkling
fire opal.

Come here I did, against Hodja's orders and Thinra's advice, to return the
sword of the one who saved us. He did not even use it.

Now, gone are my powers. I cannot return to my tribe unless they come looking 
for me, or I can find a camel. Like a battered gourd is my head.

Shrike brings Taliesin's camel, Blithe, to Lazaar, who rides off to join his
tribe.
