Hiya Laini!

I'm sending more stuff in separate messages, but here's the Reader's Digest
version of Tali's life:

  Many, many centuries ago, Archaimbaud and Evangeliste were the two most
  powerful mages on the planet. 

  They married, and wanted children desperately, but were never able to.

  Eva grew dark and bitter, and finally Arch left her and the town.

  Years passed, and Eva became evil and no sign was seen of Arch.

  One day, Archaimbaud returns to Syforthe with a wife, Cherianne, and three
  children, Timotheus, Clarabelle and Mathaeus. 

  Evangeliste goes ballistic, and starts raining plagues and destruction from
  her evil tower. She kills Cherianne and turns his children into gargoyles.

  A pitched battle ensues, but Eva is too strong to overthrow.

  Finally, a group of the most powerful mages join power to create an orb that
  will imprison Eva and throw her into the future.
  
  Arch encounters her in her tower. He triggers the orb, which drains him of
  all his magic and shatters his mind. Both he and Eva are caught in its
  bubble an disappear from Syforthe.

  Centuries later, the bubble appears and they are deposited in the desert.
  Arch wakes first, and in his madness kills Evangeliste.

  He wanders in the desert sun for days until Shalana find him. He has no
  mind left, no memories. She heals his body and names him Thinra'al Zamfirna,
  the Madman of the Desert.
  
  They fall in love, and a year later they ride their camel, Blithe, through
  the Veil of Tears waterfall which is the ritual for marriage.
  
  Shalana's father, the Hodja (wise man) of the Shazraadi, is furious at her
  marrying Thinra. One day, he brings her Thinra's wedding pendant, covered
  in blood, and tells her Thinra is dead. In fact, he covered it in sheep's
  blood and transported Thinra across the planet to Fayd after blocking his
  memories of the Shazraadi.
  
  Thinra awakes in Fayd, with no memories, and chooses the name Taliesin 
  Pendragon from names he finds in the library. He makes new friends.
  
  Tali falls in love with Estara and marries her.
  
  One day, Estara is hunting in the Under Keep and is killed by a creature 
  there. Phule rezzes her undead, and while this is happening a demon that
  had been trapped by Malthesia is able to use this opportunity to slip into
  Phule and Estara.
  
  Tali tries many things to cure Estara, but to no avail. One night he tries
  an experiment. He gathers his friends at the garden of T'kasta, draws on 
  their psionic energy and uses all this power to blast out a message, "Lover 
  come back to me!"
  
  Two show up. Estara, and Shalana. He had used mindlink with such power that 
  it reached across the planet to the Shazraadi, where Shalana discovers that 
  Thinra is still alive, after 8 years of mourning for him.
  
  Shalana unblocks Tali's memories of the Shazraadi and his life there. She
  helps him drive the demon from Estara, and he keeps both Shalana and Estara
  as his wives.
  
  Estara leaves Taliesin, needing some time to herself after all these 
  tramatic turns of events.
  
  Shalana becomes pregnant, but loses the baby after being assassinated four
  times while carrying.
  
  Brunel, a scientist, discovers a buried chamber after it is opened by an
  earthquake. Within the chamber is one of the many scepters he has been 
  seeking. Also in the chamber is an altar supported on a base with three
  gargoyles carved into it. Taliesin has the altar moved to the temple of 
  Amilor for study. The gargoyles have a resemblence to him, and appear to be 
  two boys and a girl. 

  Khaine claims that Equinox, someone known through the temple of Yarin, has 
  stated that Taliesin used to be known as Archaimbaud, although Tali finds 
  no records of that name anywhere in the library or town records. 

  Shalana gets word that the Reija, or chieftess, of the Shazraadi is dying
  of an incurable disease. A Reija serves for life or until incapacitated. 
  She must renounce all former vows and marry her people. Shalana releases
  Tali from his vows and returns to the Shazraadi to serve as their new 
  Reija.
  
Chyme has been handling all of Taliesin's backstory, and plays Shalana to 
perfection.
