                            Taliesin vs. Phule

The outline below is a suggestion of how the feud between Taliesin and Phule
might escalate. It is only a starting point to stimulate ideas, and is
totally subject to change. What would you like to see? What don't you like?

Background

Phule and Tali used to be friends. They hunted the wastes together.
Tali, goody that he is, joined Amilor.
Tali is required to break off the friendship, but has no enmity against Phule.
Kalyn is a follower of Amilor, Tali's mentor, and wife to his friend Aban.
Phule thinks Kalyn gave him a poisoned potion and murders her.
Now Tali hates Phule.
Tali glares at Phule, but won't attack without further provocation.
Phule becomes a lich, depriving Tali of the boon of skinning him.
Phule continues to offer friendship to Tali, professing ignorence.
This feud has been going on a long while. It's time to escalate or let it die.

Guidelines

We don't want this to be a grand war between the sides of good and evil.
It's to be between Phule, Tali and Estara.
Friends and allies of both sides will be told to stay out of the battles.
Nobody will be searched.
Skinning is allowed.
This is strictly In Character. The players like each other.

Storyline

Estara dies in combat. On the demon ship?
Phule, as a gesture of 'goodwill' rezzes Estara.
Alack and alas, she's rezzed undead.
Phule kills Estara so she can be rezzed properly.
Taliesin, in a fit of rage, attacks Phule.
Phule warns Tali to back off or suffer the consequence.
Tali ignores the warning.
Phule executes an arcane ritual over Estara.
Estara is possessed by evil. Her aura is checked and found to be black.
Taliesin doesn't know what to do with a wife who's evil.
Taliesin insists this is a private feud between Phule and him.
He tries to keep Estara out of it, but she insists on fighting.
Estara is torn between standing by Tali and being drawn to evil.
Phule is amused.
Phule is attacked repeatedly, and he often responds in kind.
After a few days to a week of this, Tali learns how Estara can be purified.
Tali asks Amilor to purify Estara.
Amilor states that Estara can't be while Tali is filled with hate and rage.
Tali is counseled by Amilorian priests until he has purged himself of hate.
Tali forgives Phule.
Amilor purifies Estara.
End of story.

Contacts

Taliesin - mailto:dgoodman@infoway.com
Estara - mailto:admiral@novalink.com
Phule - mailto:wyrd1@moon.flanet.com
Rain - mailto:icedrake@novalink.com
