                     An Interview with 
                     Taliesin Pendragon
                    by Taliesin Pendragon

The tall, dark-haired man you see is Taliesin Pendragon, Field
Medic and Knight of Amilor. His eyes are pools of glittering
gold that glow with psionic power, missing nothing. His friendly 
face betrays the humor and pain that lies within. 
He is wearing a brass medallion, a mysterious ring, a telescope
jacketed in ivory carved with tiny scrimshaw seascapes, a
gulivira cloak, some gold sunglasses, a polished silver helm
with an enormous amethyst set into the brow, a golden amulet
with a silver wave inscribed upon it, some eldritch titanium
armor, a large beard and some deeplander boots. 

Taliesin asks, "What is your title and e-mail name?"
Taliesin says, "Don't YOU know? Hmph. I'm a Knight and Field 
   Medic. My address is dgoodman@infoway.com and I play mostly 
   nights after 11pm pacific." 
Taliesin asks, "Did I ask you when you played?"
Taliesin says, "You didn't have to. I'm a psi."
Taliesin smirks.

Taliesin asks, "What brought you to Fayd?"
Taliesin says, "I wish I knew."
Taliesin asks, "Huh?"
Taliesin says, "Years ago I woke up at the city gate. I had no 
   memory of my prior life. Since that time I have made many 
   friends, but I don't know how I got here. During the war with 
   Gadfrazal I saw much carnage, and the booth where I sleep was 
   destroyed. Since then I have slept poorly, and have suffered 
   from dreams of people and places I've never been to. The
   saloon has been rebuilt, but I still don't sleep well. I
   often wonder if my dreams are nightmares... or memories." 

Taliesin says, "Tell me something amazing about yourself."
Taliesin says, "Besides talking to you? I don't know if it's 
   amazing, but I'm the only person I've seen with absolutely no 
   mana or empathy. I can't cast magic to save my life. That's
   another reason I'd like to know what happened to me before I
   woke up at the gate." 

Taliesin sighs.

Taliesin asks, "What level are you?"
Taliesin says, "xx."
Taliesin asks, "Can you teach me all your skills?"
Taliesin says, "There's nothing I know that you don't know."
Taliesin grins.
Taliesin is now teaching Climbing (skill #5, up to level x).
Taliesin is now teaching Dodging & Parrying (skill #6, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Combat Maneuvering (skill #10, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Healing (skill #20, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Polearms (skill #25, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Psionics (skill #26, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Mind over Mind (skill #27, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Mind over Matter (skill #28, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Transcendence (skill #29, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Alchemy (skill #31, up to level xx).
Taliesin is now teaching Sagecraft (skill #32, up to level xx).
Taliesin says, "I have a couple of others I'd as soon keep private."

Taliesin asks, "Where do you hunt?"
Taliesin says, "With Estara in Mal's world in the planes, or
   hunting janwalla in the pit's dank tunnels when by myself."

Taliesin asks, "If you were to go on a tour, where would you 
   want to go?" 
Taliesin says, "I think I'd like to learn more about the 
   subway." 

Taliesin asks, "Do you have a favorite possession?"
Taliesin says, "That would have to be my wedding ring. Not for 
   the ring itself, which I love, but for what it represents:
   the unity of two people who pledge to love each other 
   forever." 

Taliesin asks, "What can you do for the temple?"
Taliesin says, "Well, apart from my daily efforts to keep the 
   city and temple's people and property safe, and trying to 
   walk in the light and help others do so, I think I can serve 
   the temple by keeping things fun and sharing my experience 
   with the younger members."

Taliesin asks, "What can the temple do for you?"
Taliesin says, "I'd like events to be scheduled at a time that I 
   can attend, if only once in a while. If there are items the
   temple owns that can help me, I'd like to know what they are
   and what it takes to obtain them. What I need most from the 
   temple is to be part of a loving family. I don't seem to have 
   family of my own, besides Estara." 

Taliesin asks, "What kind of event would you like to see?"
Taliesin ponders.
Taliesin says, "I'd like to see each event focus on one or more 
   temple members, different ones each time, so that we get to 
   learn more about each other and so that each member gets 
   attention and assistance." 

Taliesin asks, "Do you have a quote you'd like to be known for?"
Taliesin ponders.
Taliesin says, "How about: Healers do it by hand.  No, that's no 
   good... I got it..."
Taliesin recites, "It's all in your mind." 
Taliesin nods.

                    * End of Interview *
