To Fayd came Gilbert to practice his art,
For he was an actor who needed a part.
He chose Shartan as the name that he'd use,
he hoped to hit big, or at least to amuse.

Shartan strolled around town, getting into his role,
Staying strictly in character was a primary goal.
The character, Shartan, he played as a mage,
A beginning one, he thought, to match his young age.

Shartan made friends, and was quite soon well-known,
He saw habits he liked, and made them his own.
What fun he had! What adventures he shared!
This life that he'd made now had him quite snared.

A girl came to town, turning everyone's head,
When Shartan saw Sharla, her looks stopped him dead.
He showed her the town, took her under his wing,
And soon the town knew that the pair were a thing.

Their love grew so strong, it showed in their eyes,
His friends told Shartan he'd caught his life's prize.
They danced around town, they bounced and they sang,
They married at once, and all the bells rang.

Shartan was happy, and life seemed complete,
But a shadow was there kept entirely discrete.
He was Shartan to Sharla and to every friend,
To reveal he was Gilbert he was sure meant the end.

He'd not told a soul that Shartan was fake,
And now his heart he feared he could break.
An actor he was, and deception his work,
Only now Gilbert felt it had made him a jerk.

Torn between lies to his love and the needs of his art,
Shartan decided to make a fresh start.
He'd tell Sharla the facts and hope for the best,
He'd tell the whole truth, put their love to the test.

He went to their home, and to his dismay,
Sharla had slept with another that day.
It's not what it seems, said Sharla to him,
My real name's not Sharla, in fact, it is Kim.

An actress Kim was, who needed a part,
She'd come to Fayd to practice her art.
Her in-character self had fallen in love,
And as Sharla she swore it to all gods above.

Kim had a life out of character, she said,
And it was Kim who had taken another to bed.
Gilbert was mad although Shartan could not be,
How he'd get out of this Gilbert could not see.

He admitted to Kim that Shartan was made up,
And laughing together, the two of them made up.
But Kim, Sharla, Shartan and Gilbert made four,
They'd have to find new ways to keep up the score.

Late through the night Gilbert thought in his bed,
Reflecting upon all the things that they'd said.
If Shartan and Sharla were all just a role,
Maybe Gilbert was too! Just who had his soul?
