MIND OVER MATTER

 #1: Matter Awakening.  Use of this psionic discipline will opens up
the psionicist's mind to any new disciplines in the Mind over Matter
science that have opened up due to increased skill level.  It may
require several attempts to grasp a new discipline. (Level 1)

 #2: Kinetic Thrust.  Bludgeons a victim with an invisible spherical
force field, resulting in crushing damage.  The maximum damage of this
discipline increases relative to training in Mind over Matter. (Level 1)

 #3: Levitate.  Permits the psionicist to carry 50% more equipment than
usual, and possible provide for a smaller fatigue penalty in combat
if wearing heavy armor. (Level 2)

 #4: Pyrokinetics.  Speeds up molecular motion on a target, causing
heat damage.  Maximum damage increases with training in Mind over Matter.
(Level 3)

 #5: Cryokinetics.  Slows down molecular motion on a target, resulting
in cold damage.  Maximum damage increases with training in Mind over Matter.
(Level 4)

 #6: Capacitance.  Drains 1 charge from a magical charged item and
rearranges the energy into psi -- a net gain of 5.  The item in question
must have had an actual magical spell imbued in it. (Level 5)

 #7: Electrify.  Discharges stored electric energy from the molecules on
object, resulting in electrical damage.  Maximum damage increases with
training in Mind over Matter. (Level 6)

 #8: Strengthen Steel.  Allows a psionicist to strengthen the molecular
bonds of steel in a weapon, resulting in a more sturdy and sharper
implement.  This is effectively a +15 bonus for the weapon. It has no
effect on armor. (Level 7)

 #9: Manipulate Lock.  When used on a locked item, provides a slight
chance that the item will be unlocked. Complex locks will most likely
resist this discipline. (Level 8)

 #10: Wall of Force.  Creates a force barrier in front of the psionicist,
resulting in a +25 defense bonus. (Level 9)

 #11: Flight.  Allows the psionicist to fly. (Level 10)

#42: Speed.  Allows the psionicist to move at blurring speed. (Level 12)

 #12: Call on Inner Power.  Transforms 10 fatigue from the psionicist
to a net gain of 10 psi.  Incurs a 20 second round time.  Draining
excessive fatigue may be hazardous! (Level 13)

 #13: Transform Steel.  Alters steel at the molecular level to another
metal.  This will only work on weapons, and the results are unpredictable.
The transformed weapon will usually have a bonus in the range of 3-17.
(Level 15)

 #14: Teleportation.  Allows the psionicist to teleport to a location
they have visited before and marked. (Level 18)

 #15: Force Field.  Creates a strong force barrier on all sides of
the psionicist, resulting in a +75 bonus to defense but also a -75
penalty to offense.  (Level 20)

 #16: Immobilize.  Weaves a network of invisible force bands around
the target, making it impossible for the victim to retreat, move,
advance or perform other particular movements.  (Level 22)

 #17: Ethereal Projection.  Shifts the psionicist into the ethereal,
making them nearly invisible and undetectable in the real world.  The
psionicist will phase back upon making any hostile maneuver or certain
other types of movement. (Level 24)

MIND OVER MIND

 #18: Mind Awakening.  Use of this psionic discipline will opens up
the psionicist's mind to any new disciplines in the Mind over Mind
science that have opened up due to increased skill level.  It may
require several attempts to grasp a new discipline. (Level 1)

 #19: Telepathy.  Permits the psionicist to communicate with others
via the telepathic ether. (Level 1)

 #20: Contact.  Permits the psionicist to make private telepathic
sendings. (Level 2). Use the "CONTACT" verb to use this discipline.

 #21: Psychic Probe.  A psionically probed individual will be vulnerable
to all further mental attacks without resistance as long as they
come from the originating psionicist.  The psionicist may only probe
one creature at a time. (Level 3)

 #22: Psychic Blast. Stuns the target for 6-12 seconds. (Level 4)

 #23: Psychic Screen.  Shields the psionicist from all mental attacks.
(Level 5)

 #24: Psychic Penetration. Crumple's an opponent's psychic screen.
(Level 6)

 #25: Clairvoyance.  Allows a psionicist to have a vision of a location
they have visited before. (Level 7)

 #26: Eject.  Removes any hostile psionic probes from the psionicists
mind.  (Level 8)

 #27: Cloak Aura.  Protects the psionicist from the spells Aura Sense,
Truename and similar effects.  (Level 9)

 #28: Psychic Shield.  A superior version of Psychic Screen that is
invulnerable to Psychic Penetration.  (Level 10)

 #29: Psychic Crush.  Stuns the target for 6-21 seconds.  (Level 11)

 #30: Psychic Invasion.  Crumple's an opponent's psychic screen or
psychic shield. (Level 12)

 #31: Confuse.  Places a -40 penalty on whatever the victim's next
skill roll happens to be. (Level 13)

 #32: Focus Skill.  Adds a +25 bonus to whatever the psionicist's
next skill roll happens to be.  (Level 14)

 #33: Terror.  Stuns the target for 6-21 seconds, but also fires all
of the target's fear neurons simultaneously, resulting in a -25
defense penalty.  This penalty is above the standard -20 penalty for
being stunned. (Level 15)

 #34: Psychic Barrier.  A superior version of Psychic Shield that
is invulnerable to Psychic Invasion and Psychic Penetration.  (Level 16)

 #35: Psychic Insinuation.  Crumples an opponent's Psychic Barrier,
Psychic Shield or Psychic Screen.  (Level 17)

 #36: Domination.  Allows the psionicist to numb a weak-minded and
weak-willed creature's brain for a ten-minute period, permitting them
to give them simple orders which they will obey to the best of their
ability.  Use the "COMMAND <creature> <action...>" verb to order
a dominated creature.  (Level 18)

 #37: Disruption.  Disrupts all of an opponent psionicist's maintained
disciplines. (Level 19)

 #38: Psychic Fortress.  The greatest psionic defense, this is a
superior version of Psychic Barrier that is immune to all lower level
assaults. (Level 20)

 #39: Warp Mind.  Confuses the victim to the extent that they are unable
to attack, cast spells, use psionics or perform other useful actions
for the duration.  (Level 22)

 #41: Pain.  Fires all of a creature's pain neurons simultaneously,
resulting in stress powerful enough to almost kill.  It will result
in up to 20 points of body damage, stuns them for up to 21 seconds,
and will leave them in a kneeling position.  (Level 21)

 #40: Psychic Siege.  Destroys a psychic fortress, psychic barrier,
psychic shield or psychic screen.  (Level 25)

