


        CONTINUOUS
        
        Perception of time evolutional.
          Perceives the past as significant.
          Perceives moments of time and events as recurrent and patterned.
          
        Involvement in the present is guided by a sense of its connection to the 
        past and the future.
          Desire to return to the known, familiar , and loved.
          Reassured by familiar surroundings.
          Values relationships which have a history.
          Loves recurrent celebrations.
          May be at a disadvantage when dealing with the new.
        Likes to familiarize oneself with what might happen so that it will not be 
        too strange or surprising when it occurs.
        Gets pleasure from imagining some event as a future memory.
        
        Consistent and moderate.
          Gets accustomed to things.
          May dislike innovations or have difficulty dealing with them.
          Does not like to take too many risks.
          Views events apparently underived from past circumstances as disorderly 
          and inexplicable.
          Believes in verbal consistency: words must always mean the same things.
        Self-sustaining; not easily bored: does not require continuous, varied 
        stimulation from the present.
        Patient.
        
        Discomfort with discontinuity.
          Strong memories of the past.
            Distressed if the past is invalidated.
            Desires to relive bits of one's personal past.
            Considers one's childhood very important.
          May venerate the past.
          Believes that past actions should be used to explain the present.
            Is likely to continuously apply things learned in the past to the 
            present.
            
        Serious and thoughtful.
          Considers plans important.
          Takes decision making seriously.
            Carefully considers situations before acting.
            Thinks one has made use of all available options.
            Is concerned about the possibility of negative outcomes.
            
        DISCONTINUOUS
        
        Perception of time existential.
          Perceives the past as insignificant.
          Perceives moments of time as discrete.
          Perceives events as unique.
          
        Involvement in the present and the future is disconnected from the past.
          Has an immediate and total response to present situations.
            Relies on immediate perceptions.
            Is often immoderate because he or she does not compare the importance of 






            the present to the past, does not evaluate the relative significance of 
            events.
          Easily gets involved in whatever is presented at the time regardless of 
          prior involvements or long-term situations.
          Intensifies the moment.
            Seeks out things which would be an "experience."
            Sees life as a drama.
            Playful.
             
        Impulsive and changeable.
          Can throw oneself into current activities without reservation.
          Is afraid of missing something.
          Believes  that  something new is desirable, and  likely  to  be 
        available.
          Requires continuous stimulation from the present.
            Easily bored; dislikes things which go on too long.
            
        Discomfort with continuity.
          Weak sense of the past; is unable to remember the past as a continuum; 
          remembers peak experiences.
          Relatively unperturbed by past mistakes or failures; may seem relatively 
          untouched by what has happened to him or her.
            May be forgetful.
          Dislikes the past intruding on the present.
          Derives one's feeling of continuity and rootedness from ties with the 
          family.
          
        Has a negative attitude toward "thoughtfulness" and formal learning.
          Is impatient with pedantry and with the orderly process of sequential 
          learning.
            May take a great dislike to learning traditional things, the things he or 
            she thinks others believe one "ought" to learn.
          May be contemptuous of "thinking."
            Thinks things can be learned only as they are needed.
            Dislikes routine; hates having to repeat tasks or projects.
          Believes that words may change their meaning in different situations.
            Does not feel bound by past statements.
            
        ETHEREAL
        
        Interested in the possible and the theoretical.
          Involved in the future and attracted to the emergent.
            May feel the future to be more real than the present.
            Has a sense of competence when theorizing about the future, or 
            awkwardness when dealing with the present.
          Tends not to be interested in things just for what they are in their 
          present state.
            Fascinated with possibilities.
            May object to things "as they are."
        
        Goal-proliferates.
          Experiences the self as pulled by multiple possibilities.
          Distrusts skepticism; reluctant to decide something without considering all 
          of the possibilities.
          Strikes others as a "restless searcher."
          






        Believes in the power of ideas.
          Is deeply committed to ideas, theories, or visions.
          Is theoretical and generally interested in scope rather than depth.
          Is impatient with concrete details.
          Acts according to general principles.
          Is idealistic.
            "Aims high," insists on things as they ought to be.
            Is concerned with glory.
            Becomes righteously indignant.
            
        Believes in the power of the imagination.
          Loves that which captures the underlying essence of things.
          May seem to others to "leave the ground."
            May use imagery or analogies so complex or idiosyncratic that they 
            interfere with communication.
            
        Intellectual.
          Is  knowledgeable and careful about that which forms a part  of 
        one's theory 
          or vision.
          Is concerned with intellectual achievement.
          Thinking may become an end in itself; may find it hard to turn off mental 
          activity.
          Relies on language to deal with the world.
            Has a strong appetite for conversation.
            Loves verbal elegance; witty; enjoys word play and puns.
            
        Detached.
          Potentially indifferent to things which are not a part of one's mental or 
          imaginative world.
            Intellectual toughness.
          Mistrusts the personal.
            Tends not to value people or things in themselves.
            Sees people as a manifestation of some ideal.
          Mistrusts the corporate existence.
            Individualistic.
            Has a nothing-sacred attitude.
            Arrogant.
            May be unwilling to adapt.
            May be socially insensitive and awkward.
            Relatively indifferent to the material world.
              May find the sensual world and natural processes distasteful.
                May  prefer the inanimate (e.g., art) the animate  (e.g., 
        nature).
              Needs little from the physical world.
                May be ascetic or spartan in tastes and habits.
                May be unobservant of surroundings.
                Mental world may be damaged by a sudden, hitherto unnoticed event in 
                reality  which  contradicts and essential  element  in  a 
        theory or 
                vision.
                



