                    An Interview with
                   Raningeth Ironheart

Taliesin asks, "Your email is stardemon@novalink.com?"
Raningeth nods.

You see Raningeth Ironheart, a very very short gnome. His
grey eyes twinkle above a bulbous red-veined nose around
which is twirled a thick black moustache. His tapered
goatee points to his portly stomach. 
He is wearing a small blue crystal talisman shaped like a
clenched fist, a sea blue robe with the silver wave of
Amilor running down the back, a gold circlet with a silver
wave running through the center, some sandals, a gray
leather beltpouch and some eldritch leather armor. 
Raningeth is covered with ooze.

Taliesin asks, "What is your title in the temple?"
Raningeth says, "Temple Alchemist, lowly acolyte."
Taliesin chuckles.

Taliesin asks, "What days do you play? And what hours?"
Raningeth says, "Most every day, weekdays about 12 pm est."
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Can you tell me how you came to Fayd?"
Raningeth says, "I followed my brother to Fayd without him
   knowing it." 
Raningeth says, "He was learning to be a Ridge runner."
Raningeth says, "He went on a solo mission when he was not
   supposed to." 
Taliesin nods.
Raningeth says, "Grandfather found out and went after him."
Raningeth says, "Brother ran into Orcs."
Taliesin shudders.
Raningeth says, "Was losing till Grandfather showed up."
Raningeth says, "Grandfather took a spear in the belly."
Taliesin winces.
Raningeth says, "He cast a command spell on my brother."
Raningeth says, "Brother could not find grandfather."
Raningeth says, "He went home and was kicked out by our father."
Raningeth says, "When he left, in secret I followed him"
Taliesin asks, "Secret from parents or brother or both?"
Raningeth says, "Secret from both."
Taliesin nods.
Raningeth says, "He found me when we were many days from home."
Raningeth says, "So with much yelling and bickering he
   decided to let me follow him." 
Raningeth says, "We found this place."
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "He's your younger brother?"
Raningeth says, "Older"

Taliesin removes a quill pen inscribed with the writing, "
   The Bank of Fayd" in blue from the satchel. 
Raningeth says, "I'm better looking."
Taliesin moistens the tip of the quill with his tongue.
The pen flows effortlessly across his parchment.
Taliesin gazes at Raningeth.
Taliesin ponders for a moment.
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin turns the pen idly in his fingers, deep in thought.

Raningeth smiles.
Raningeth says, "Well I practiced Alchemy."
Taliesin listens carefully to Raningeth.
Raningeth says, "Jasmine sought me out and asked me to join 
   the temple" 
Raningeth says, "as the alchemist."
Taliesin nods.
Raningeth says, "Later father appeared to me and I decided
   to become a priest." 
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "Do you hunt?"
Raningeth says, "Very little."
Taliesin asks, "You mostly forage and brew?"
Raningeth says, "Brew potions, no foraging only searching
   and I do have a knack for picking locks" 
Taliesin nods.
Raningeth smiles slyly.
Taliesin chuckles.
Taliesin asks, "Who do you spend the most time with?"
Raningeth says, "Hmm, no one, unless they are employing me."
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "Do you have a favorite possession?"
Raningeth taps a small blue crystal talisman shaped like a
   clenched fist. 
Taliesin blinks.
Taliesin asks, "Why that?"
Raningeth says, "It reminds me of Father."
Raningeth says, "Blue like the ocean, the fist equals his
   strength and passion for staying on the path of light" 
Raningeth says, "and there is a small glowing light inside"
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Can you tell me something amazing about yourself?"
Taliesin grins.
Raningeth says, "Amazing?"
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "Do you train fleas?"
Taliesin asks, "Have the longest bed in the city?"
Raningeth says, "I am the smartest Gnome in town."
Taliesin grins.
Taliesin says, "Okay."
Taliesin asks, "Are there any parts of Andor you'd like to
   explore, if there were to be a tour?" 
Raningeth says, "I would like to go to the deep realms to
   find alchemy supplies and dyes" 
Taliesin nods.

Raningeth says, "Oh I forgot to tell you I have a sister."
Raningeth removes a parchment note from the robe.
Raningeth drops a parchment note.
It bears the writing, "I, Candi Ambrocois, with thiz paper
   promiss tu take Raningeth and Firestar az my brotherz and
   be thare sister. I will beehave an vizit Raningeth. Thay
   will protekt mee an bring mee weaver thingz." 
Taliesin chuckles.
Taliesin nods.
Raningeth takes a parchment note.
Raningeth says, "its official"
Raningeth puts a parchment note in the robe.

Taliesin asks, "Would you be willing to list your skills
   for me? Maybe just teach each one?" 
Raningeth says, "Sure."
Taliesin listens carefully to Raningeth.
Raningeth is now teaching Trap & Poison Lore (skill #12, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Dyeing/Weaving (skill #15, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Healing (skill #20, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Lockpicking (skill #22, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Psionics (skill #26, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Mind over Matter (skill #28, up to level x).
Raningeth is now teaching Sagecraft (skill #32, up to level x).
Raningeth says, "Alchemy I shall keep secret."
Raningeth smiles.
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "What would you do to make the temple
   better? What would you change?" 
Raningeth says, "I would like to see Aban back, more
   priestly things, and events at a different time." 
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin asks, "Anything else?"
Raningeth says, "Oh and a more active priest teacher."

Taliesin asks, "Is there anything the temple can do for you?"
Raningeth says, "Yes. Collect me doubloon dust and bring me 
   new things they find, so I can analyze them." 

Raningeth says, "You know the Shane stuff"
Taliesin nods to Raningeth.

Taliesin asks, "Are there any particular events or types of 
   events you'd like to see?" 
Raningeth says, "Not in particular."

Taliesin asks, "Do you know anyone who would make a good
   member, if we made you proud of the temple again?" 
Raningeth says, "Not at the moment, I don't spend much time 
   with people." 

Raningeth says, "You know most people ignore gnomes."
Taliesin says, "I don't ignore you, I hope."
Raningeth says, "I know you don't, but you are not most people."
Taliesin smiles.
Taliesin says, "Would you be willing to tell me what level
   you are? Last question." 
Raningeth says, "xx"

Taliesin asks, "Anything else I should know about you?"
Raningeth says, "I don't like my toes stepped on, my beard
   pulled or to be ignored." 
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin says, "Me neither."
Taliesin tugs on his beard.

                           * End of interview *
