                               The Gun Wars

BACKGROUND

Weapons are manufactured primarily by two Corporati: Armas SA and Ichibuki.
Like all corporati, they operate using the following set of rules:

  Maximize profits
  Low overhead
  Low costs
  High sales
  Effective advertising
  Improve technology
  Prevent leaks of technology
  Acquire technology
  Eliminate competing technology
  Pass all important facts to superiors
  Keep embarassing facts from sight

Both companies maintain R&D departments which specialize in electronics, 
chemicals and mechanics.  Armas SA is a small division of a larger Corporati. 
Their manpower consists of: a receptionist, a bookkeeper/purchasing agent,
three scientists, a research assistant, an assembly worker to keep the
machines going, a stock clerk, a mail clerk, a salesman, a general manager
and the CEO. 

Facts are kept in Perc files in a standard form.  The standardization allows 
data to be searched, bought and sold.  Factoids important to these two 
companies are: information on weapon specs, sales information and personnel 
files.

Corporati acquire technology by employing researchers, buy purchasing the 
information from scientists or other corporati and by industrial espionage.
IndEsp consists of stealing files, bribing employees of competitors and 
blackmailing competing employees.  Files or personnel are sometimes destroyed 
to prevent the data from reaching competitors. 

Weapon specs:
  Rate of fire
  Projectile type
  Projectile velocity
  Projectile size
  Capacity
  Manufacturing cost

Each NPC has strategies for dealing with situations.  Whenever an NPC needs
another character to perform a task, it tries to find a PC to fill that role, 
and only hands off to an NPC if no PC can be conscripted to the task.

SCENARIO

Tabata "Tim" Takahashi works for the IchiBuki corporati.  Tim develops a
technology that doubles the rate-of-fire for their top-of-the-line needle 
gun.   
