                            Scratch the Parrot

He cocks his head to the side. He scratches his head. He chuckles. He curses. 
He gestures. He nibbles Armoth's ear. He ducks. He nods. He flies. He lands.
He laughs. He grunts. He growls. He gulps. He shakes his head. He hisses. He
gives Armoth a little pinch. He pokes Armoth. He nuzzles Armoth. He nudges
Armoth. He paces. He snickers. He thumps Armoth. He whistles. He yawns. 

"We met when I was but a wee 'ungry bird, sitting on the skull of a dead
animal.  Armoth came along and relieved 'imself on a bush.  'e saw me and fed 
me a bit.  'e did this for the next few days.  Said he'd been 'trading' and
stopped at the small island we was on to hide from ... a storm, but 'e had to
leave now. I flew to his shoulder, but he was staggering and I missed,
scratching 'is face. That's when 'e named me." 

"Rawwwk! It's about time ye fed me thesnia, ye scurvy pirate!"
"Parrots ain't made fer speakin' yer wretched tongue, ye cur! <whistle>"
"Ah should ha' ne'er set foot on yer filthy shoulder!  Squaaawk!"
"Rrreehcck! Thet cheep thesnia ye gave me is wearin' off!"
"If Ah didn't peck yer head ye'd be covered in lice, ye lousy pirate."
"Yer lucky Ah kin keep a secret. Ah got scuttlebutt that'd furl yer sails."
"What e'er 'appened to thet lassie Ne'ebka? Thet aelfen could shake a leg!"
"'ey there, lassie!"
"Ah gotta change shoulders.  This 'un's gittin' ripe agin."  <whistle!>
"When ye gonna git me better grub, ye cheepskate?"
"Ah should ha' stayed perched on that skull."
"Ah wish ye'd left me on me island 'ome. Ach, Ah miss it still."
"If ye 'adn't stopped to take a whiz, I'd still be 'ome."
"Ah git woozy from yer fumes."
"It ain't easy thinkin' with a brain the size of peanut."
"Ye flea-bitten swab!"
"Ye've taken on a lot of ballast since then."
"Always stoppin' ta drain yer bilge."
"Ye need to clean the barnacles off ye."
"'ow about the time ye were arrested fer barratry?"
"So drunk ye were boxin' the compass tryin' ta find yer way."
"'ow many time did I 'ave to cut yer bunk from under ye in the morning?"
"Scuttle butt sez he 'ad a skirt in every port."
"I like the cut of her jib."
"Anythin' to beat the doldrums."
"Ye've never been on an even keel."
"Always tryin' ta find the fiddler's green."
"We looked fore and aft, but never found 'er."
"We 'ad ta keep 'im in the glory hole until they stopped lookin' fer 'im."
"Heave to and give a hand."
"Ye'll end up jest a hulk."
"He was always takin' the jolly boat to shore for one t'ing or another."
"Ye be quiet or I'll stuff ye full of oakum."
"What's got ye so out of trim?"
"Ah reckon Ah kin tell a top'sl from a main'sl!"
"It'd take a press gang to drag 'im there!"
"First time I seen 'is ship I wanted to know what the things were on the
 ropes. 'e tells me they're rat guards to keep rats from gettin' on board.
 What ah want to know is, 'ow do they get OFF?" 
"Salvage."
"He was pukin' into the scuppers."
"Like tryin' to stem the tide."
'Ye old tar."
"I'd rather hang from the yardarm."
"Ye should be flying a yellow flag. Quarantine."
"Why, I oughtta keel-haul ye!"

You see Scratch the Parrot, a scruffy bird with beady eyes.  His feathers
are mostly green with some red and blue.  His big yellow beak is stained and
the claws on his scaly feet need trimming.  You barely see a small tattoo.
He has a feather sticking out on his neck and his tail feathers are chewed.

