Dear Shala-flea, my exotic seductress: 

Time passes slowly when I'm away from you, and my thoughts turn
constantly to dreams of you. I look forward to the hour that I
can be with you again. My fingers tingle with the memory of your 
soft skin, my lips hunger for yours and my breath sighs until it 
is filled with your intoxicating scent once again. 

I remember lazy days in the shade of a tall palm, sipping cool
water and playing Shazraadi gambling games with you. Your
penchant for wagering always got you in trouble. I still snicker 
at the memory of your having to feed grapes to Minral when you
lost a bet to him. I'm glad you've not succumbed to that
temptation in Fayd. There are many who would surely try to take
advantage of you. 

I remember also how you would massage the men and women of the
tribe, soothing them with your tender, healing touch. Never did
I tell you how often I would volunteer for strenuous duty to
have you work my muscles when I returned. It never bothered me
that you shared that skillful touch because I knew the Shazraadi 
considered massage an natural form of healing. I'd be remiss,
though, if I didn't warn you that many Faydians consider it to
be an act leading to more intimacy. I know how good it makes you 
feel to tend to others, but this form can lead to trouble, my
kriye. 

While I'm gone perhaps you can spend some of your time weaving
and crafting jewelry as you used to at home. You were always
expert at it, and perhaps some of our friends in town can show
you where to get tools and materials to continue that
occupation. 

Pangs of loneliness tug at my heart during my absence. It would
make me feel better if I knew you were making friends to keep
you safe and happy when I'm away. Perhaps you could offer to
guard some of the women who hunt in exchange for their telling
you about their past. I know how much you love to hear stories
of people's backgrounds. In fact, I will send you scrolls I have
written describing some of my friends in Amilor to get you
started. 

I've heard stories from friends who journeyed to a snowy village 
in the mountains north of Fayd. It makes me think of your snow 
globe and how often you would gaze into it, wishing you could 
visit the little town inside.

I miss you and yearn to feel your touch once again. Know that I 
will try my best to return to you as soon as I can. May the 
silks keep you warm until then.

[These are suggestions only. Shalana belongs totally to you. I 
sculpted a pleasing shape and you breathed life and vitality 
into it. As Thinra's spouse I know Shalana is open to
suggestion, but what path you choose is totally yours.] 

Your loving, absent Thinra.
 