	Shilmardryn. The name may not roll easily off your tongue, but it is, in my language, the Song of the Mountains, the place where the spirit of stone and rock comes when he seeks comfort and quiet. Sing you all of Aelvenhome, of Miraindahl, of Evermeet. None could be so fair as Shilmardryn, where three mountains met and bestowed all their blessings. Sheltered from the cruel winter winds, and fed by the spring rains, she is fair and green, always in bloom even when all else is deep in ice and snow.
	It is said my great great grandmother came here on the back of a golden unicorn, leading a ragtag band of children, younglings displaced by some incident long outside of memory. Here they found a home, safe and free of all that had plagued them, and here they found the unicorns.
	The old stories tell how the unicorns roamed free in the valley, by the dozens, by the scores. The children made pets of them, currying their manes and braiding their tails, and the unicorns, flattered by the attention, repaid them by opening their minds to each child. They showed them where to find food, taught them how to shelter, fed them from their own streams and forests. And as each child bonded with a 'corn, they found abilities they had never imagined. Some learned to speak the songs of the wind, some to transform living forms from one to another. Still others learned to coax the trees open, and in their hearts, they built their homes, and it is in these homes we still live.
	 The children grew, and loved, and married and had children, and the unicorns came less and less to the village. When the first child was born to a 'corn-bonded woman, her birth cries were echoed through the woods and hills, first by the silver-maned corn joined to her, and then by every unicorn close enough to feel the echoed pain. Stunned by the barrage, they gathered in the small clearing outside the village and waited. My people were drawn, one by one, to the sides of their bondmates. They whispered and soothed, stroked manes and flanks and tried to explain how to shut off the pain, how to blend it with the joy of anticipated birth so it was not as keen. Through the longest part of one day, the unicorns and their joined ones stood in the clearing, drawing on each other for support. They gathered a circle round the silver-maned one, touching horns and fingers to him frequently, trying to gather his pain and replace it with comfort. At sunset, there was one last burst of pain, then a swelling brilliance of joy that lit the clearing long beyond the last shaft of sunlight. As the glow faded, two figures came down the path to the clearing, one leaning lightly on the other, her arms cradling a tiny bundle wrapped in a gossamer blanket.
	The unicorns parted, allowing the two to step into the center of their circle, walk to the silver-maned corn who stood there, flanks still trembling. The woman, Elsarra, stepped forward by herself, holding my great-grandmother in her arms. A small ripple ran through the assembled humans as the corn bent his head forward, lightly touching his horn to the infant's forehead. The child stirred and cooed softly, then snuggled back against Elsarra's breast. The corn stepped back, and the others came forward, one by one, touching tip of horn to forehead. Through it all, Elsarra stood, still and proud, looking down into her daughter's eyes. As the last unicorn stepped back, Elsarra took a step forward, standing between the silver corn and her mate, Tirawn. Her eyes swept once over my people and unicorns, then she cleared her throat and quietly said, "Her name is Cheyelle, sister to unicorns."
     Thus began the Presentation. Never again did every unicorn attend, for before the next birth, there was a death. As long-lived as we are, death comes occasionally to a young one. Deyran had lived all his life with a wasting disease, uncommon, but not unheard of. among our people. Illness and death was unheard of among the unicorns, however, and when Deyran died, it felt to them as if something had been uprooted from their very souls. The dappled corn who had bonded to him went mad for a time, running wildly through the mountains, shrieking with pain. When his mind stilled, he could not bear to be in my people's presence any longer. Others drifted off in the same way for many reasons, but they still roamed the hillsides and woods outside the village, and many still came to the Presentations.
	So it remained until the time of my grandfather. It was during his reign that the black cloud descended, sweeping across the land and leaving devastation in its wake. Shilmardryn was mostly spared, but at great cost. The unicorns gathered around the bounds of the village and joined their magics to lift a dome of shimmering light that completely surrounded the homes of my people. It is told how many of the bonded elders, my great great grandmother among them, went to stand by their bondmates, and were blasted with a madness from which they never recovered. The dome held fast for three days and nights, the unicorns standing flank to flank, horns lifted to the sky. On the third day, the cloud darkened to a deeper shade of black, then flared once, sending a blast of cold light toward the highest arc of the dome. The light dimmed, flared... then disappeared. The golden unicorn that had led my people to Shilmardryn took the brunt of the attack, his silver horn flaming bright, then crumbling to ash. The other corns and their bondmates took the backlash of his agony, reeling in place, stunned. The dome of light wavered, then dimmed and dropped entirely as the circle was broken. The black cloud, having expended its energy in that one final blast, began to break off into wisps of gray that danced off on a light breeze that sprung from nowhere. As the unicorns regained their senses one by one, they lifted their muzzles to the sky, sniffed, then wandered off, each following a wisp until the only one that remained was the golden one. He stood by my great great grandmother's crumpled body, looking down at her with great, sad eyes. He could not be persuaded or coaxed from her side until she had been safely returned to the spirit. As the final goodbyes were said, he turned, looking back once toward Shilmardryn, and walked into the wood. Occasionally, a hunter would return with a tale of seeing the most beautiful steed, all shimmering golden, with a blackened star in the middle of his forehead, and the elder villagers would nod wisely and sleep better that night for knowing that he still wandered their wood.
    	My mother's birth was the first in anyone's memory unattended by any unicorn at all. The village assembled as always in the clearing and awaited the Presentation, but no unicorn came. When my grandparents walked down the path, my mother in my grandmother's arms, a murmur ruffled through the assembled humans, a rumour of ill to come of this portent.
	Over the years, my mother grew in beauty and light, and the village grew accustomed to having no unicorns. The Presentation evolved into the Search, the parents walking the path and stopping at each door and person along the way, asking if they had seen a unicorn. The answer was always no, and parents and child returned home by the same path, untouched by the magic. The elders, the original bondmates, were never quite right after the black cloud, their magic often going awry and causing havoc. Eventually, the old magics were forgotten and unused, and by the time of my birth, few could do much beyond light a glow, or heal a simple wound.
	When my mother's time drew near, the old rumors reawakened. She was the first untouched one, the first who had never seen a unicorn, though many had followed her. Her pregnancy with me was a difficult one, I'm told, full of illness and weariness far beyond what any considered normal. On the night of my birth, the entire village awakened to a clear full moon, riding high in the sky, and a call clear as the moon, to come to the clearing. Some came in curiosity, some because they recognized the call from older days, but when my father walked down the path alone, carrying me in his arms, all understood why they had awakened.He walked with a steady, unbroken step, but tears streamed down his face unchecked, falling on my blanket and my cheeks. As he stepped into the clearing, there was a soft rustle of underbrush from behind the gathering, and a golden unicorn appeared from the shadow of the trees. Unicorn it undoubtedly was, for glowing in the center of a blackened star between his eyes, was the tiny nub of a silver horn. My father tells me the clearing grew so still he could hear the tiny whisper of my breath as the unicorn passed among the villagers, walking directly to him. It stopped close enough that he could feel the warmth of its breath on his face, then slowly lowered its head till the tiny silver nub touched my forehead. A silvery voice spoke in his mind.
	"She is Shanarra, the Seeker. Ward her well, Human. She may be the one who finds."
	The unicorn stepped back, waiting for my father to complete the ritual, holding me out to the assembly and declaring my name to them all. When he did, the unicorn turned and walked back to the edge of the woods, stately as always. Many hands reached out to touch his flanks as he passed, and those who succeeded were filled with a sense of peace that never completely left them. My father watched, a cool breeze drying the tears on his face, as the unicorn turned one more time. Again, he felt the silvery voice in his mind.
	"Do not grieve overmuch, Human. Know that your wife is at peace, and her spirit rides the winds with me, as it never could in life."
	Then the unicorn was gone. It has not been seen from that day to this, or at least, none have reported such to my father. It is known he has a standing reward for any information about the unicorns, any unicorns. None have seen any, nor heard a word until the tale reached us of the wounded unicorn who came to Fayd.
	My father was not pleased that I would travel alone here, but I felt it in my heart that this is how it must be. I am Shanarra, the Seeker. I came to Fayd seeking the unicorn, and found, not one, but the presence of many. I know not if any were our unicorns, but their touch awakened memories I have never known I carried -- the feeling of my father's tears dropping on my cheeks, his strong hands holding me steady, the sense of belonging that flooded me when the tiny silver horn touched my infant forehead. I am, apparently, the last of the bonded as my great great grandmother was the first, and my mother the first unbonded of my people. And in the depths of my mind, I hear the silvery voice speaking the words it spoke that night...
	"You are Shanarra the Seeker. And I, I am Kierendel. Remember me."

	The guards at the gate barely flicked a glance at the young woman.  There was little reason to look twice at her in her homespun cloak, her golden braids tucked up under her cap so as not to attract notice.  The only thing noteworthy about her was the silvery white greatbow slung over one shoulder, beautifully carved into the shape of a rearing unicorn, a blackened star blazing in the middle of its forehead, but  in a town where many carried weapons, even that escaped the notice of most. Only young Moki, himself a bowhunter, truly noticed her as she made her way through the milling throngs of early morning Fayd. He maneuvered to fall into step beside her, walking nonchalantly at her side for several paces before speaking.
	"A beautiful piece of craftsmanship, milady," he said quietly.
	The woman cast a startled glance at him, her deep green eyes darting to his face and then away like frightened birds. He smiled warmly at her, his hand gesturing toward the bow slung over her shoulder, then moving to touch his own greatbow. His hand caressed the silvery white wood lovingly, tracing the shapes of the clouds and moon engraved on its surface.
	"Mine was crafted by Master Lelldorin, milady," he continued. "Yours looks to be his work also...is it?"
