Ok, here is my attempt at storytelling:

Shalana was a young woman of about 20 years. Her father was the Hodja of
her people, the Shazraadi, her mother was the Reija, or the chieftess.
Her mother passed on a few years ago, and the position of chieftess
passed on to an aunt, but it was always understood that Shalana would
probably one day rule her people.

Now, when Shalana found Thinra wandering in from the wastes, the people
were not cruel. They let her care for the man, and tried to teach him
what they knew. But, alas, Thinra was crippled, he could do no magic.
They instead taught him healing and psionics, but knew he would never be
a whole man without magic. Shalana was instantly infatuated with Thinra,
and the relationship only blossomed. Hodja was against it, and frowned
everytime he saw them together.

Shalana knew she could never openly wed Thinra, and one day they rode
off to the Veil of Tears, and rode his trusty camel Blithe through the
waters. They were wed. But, upon returning to the tents, Hodja's eye
fell on the couple, and he knew. He arranged with the elders of the
tribe for their strengthening of his magic, and two nights later, he
took Thinra from Shalana's tent.

Then, upon wiping Thinra's memories, he and the elders cast Thinra away
to the wastes near Fayd. Hodja, taking some blood of a killed sheep,
smeared it on the wedding pendant, and brought it to Shalana, saying
that he was dead.

Now, Shalana grieved long for Thinra, and never wed again. Hodja's heart
was heavy, and his wife, the Reija, knew something was amiss. Hodja
never admitted to the deed, but Reija was not ignorant. But she also,
did not wish her child wed to a cripple. SHalana's brother and sister,
Tonra and Mysha, were also fond of Thinra, but with the fondness of mild
acceptance. Tonra would challenge Thinra often in the raising of camels,
while Mysha would follow Thinra everywhere with her eyes.

Now that Shalana has found Thinra, she must return home and leave a sign
that she will not return. She goes to collect that which no woman would
leave, her mother's blanket, friendship cup, waterskins, and her
mother's anklet. Also, she wished to bring Thinra's camel to him, but
must enlist the aid of her brother Tonra. He obliges, but a bit
unwillingly, but he loves his sister dearly.

Shalana applies her hands to her earcuff, the one she has worn since
birth, and fills it with her thoughts, telling Hodja as much as she
loves him, she cannot stay knowing that Thinra is alive. She tells him
not to seek her, for she will not willingly return. She lays it in
Hodja's tent, and disappears into the air and returns to Fayd and
Thinra's arms, camel in tow.

Ideology of the Shazraadi:
Intent/Focus/Willpower- Decide what you wish to do, find your target,
and use your skill to achieve that which is desired.

Almin-spirit of the earth, the light of all living things, the magic of
the Shazraadi flows from all around them and fills them with its touch.
They do not worship it, but they nurture and tend to the spirit. They
belive in the circle of living, you eat the deer which eats the grass
fed on other things. The truly holy of their people would be burned, to
release their spirits back to everything, most people are left on the
deserts to feed the circle again, and be reborn into another.

Privacy-The Shazraadi believe that privacy and non-intrusion is an early
learned skill, as not glancing into someone tent or open door. Being
psionic, their thoughts flow fairly freely throught the tents, but you
do not probe into someone without permission. Husbands/wives/children
are more open, no secrets can be kept but the Shazraadi are more of an
honest people overall.

Teaching-Hodja is the teacher of the camp, he teaches all skills. Most
skills can simply be taught psionically, Hodja enters your mind and
teaches you how to do what you wish. Shalana will never teach, she does
not know how.

Well, thats all i can think of right now, and that covers most of my
notes about the people. Feel free to add to it :)

Chyme
