#  Skill                  Build Cost
------------------------------------
0  Jeweler                10/5
1  Two Weapons            10/4
2  Backstab               12/5
3  Missile Weapons        12/5
4  Natural Weapons        10/3
5  Climbing               6/3
6  Dodging & Parrying     8/4
7  Conjuration            10/5
8  Weaponsmithing         10/5
9  Crushing Weapons       12/5
10 Combat Maneuvering     10/5
11 Endurance              8/4
12 Trap & Poison Lore     6/3
13 Edged Weapons          12/5
14 Enchantment            10/5
15 Dying/Weaving          8/4
16 Drakin Weapons         12/5
17 Druidic Magic          10/5
18 Wood Lore              8/3
19 Thrown Weapons         12/5
20 Healing                20/2
21 Legerdemain            12/4
22 Lockpicking            10/4
23 Spellcraft             20/5
24 Martial Arts           12/5
25 Polearms               12/5
26 Psionics               20/5
27 Mind over Mind         10/5
28 Mind over Matter       10/5
29 Transcendence          10/2
30 Necromancy             10/5
31 Alchemy                15/5
32 Sagecraft              5/3
33 Stealth                10/4
34 Disguise               15/10
35 Mining                 8/4

Skills
======

SKILLNAME (Cost of first skill level/Development skill level cost):
Description of skill.

Alchemy (15/5):
This skill enables the character to create potions.  Potions are formed
by mixing alchemical reagents.  These reagents may be actual chemical
compounds, or they may be certain magical herbs or other organic byproducts.
It is up to the alchemist to learn what substances have magical
properties.  It is also up to the alchemist to learn what substances
can be combined to form useful potions.

Each level of skill in Alchemy allows the creation of increasingly
powerful potions.  If a beginning alchemist mixes reagents more powerful
than they have skill to control, then they will know from the violent
bubbling of their concoction that their attempt was possible but
beyond their abilities.  A successful potion is always known by the
magical shimmer created after all the reagents are combined.

Creating a potion requires that three reagents be combined.  This
requires the three reagents (which will be used up when added to the
potion) and some sort of liquid container (such as a flask).

Each type of reagent contains one specific type of "essence."  Some
reagents contain catalytic abilities, others healing, others protective,
or completely different type of powers.  The main rule when concocting
a potion is that you ALWAYS will need at least one reagent that is
a catalyst.  Mandrake root is a well-known but weak catalyst.  It is
all the beginning alchemist will need, however.  The stronger the
catalyst, the stronger the types of spell you will be able to make by
adding other reagents.

Alchemy is a demanding skill that requires much research and perseverance.
In time, the alchemist will be able to reproduce powerful magical effects
through the combination of reagents.  Alchemists should record
their discoveries closely, so that those violent reactions you create
can be retried when you have learned more alchemy. Prerequisite: must
be level two or higher. (Skill #31)

Backstab (12/5):
The art of the deadly sneak attack, backstab may only be performed
when hidden and only with a puncture weapon such as a dagger or
rapier. A successful attack always causes damage to the back. It
increases this damage by level of backstab. (Skill #2)


Claws (10/3):
The natural claws of certain races or artificial cyberclaws can
become vicious weapons. Races who have naturally occurring claws
may use them without training.  Drakin, Murgs and Wolflings in wolf
form have claws they can use.  Wolves and Drakin can also use their
teeth with this skill. (Skill #4)

Climbing (6/3):
The more well developed the climbing skill, the more treacherous
the terrain a character can overcome without tools or footholds.
(Skill #5)

Combat Maneuvering (10/5) .
This skill does a number of things that enable a warrior
to maneuver around the battle field more effectively.
Amongst the benefits of this skill: (Skill #10)

(1) Each level known decreases wielding roundtime one second.
(2) After learning one level of this skill, the trainee
    will have learned enough about blocking and interception
    to guard inanimate objects.
(3) Each level known provides a +5 bonus to maneuvering
    rolls related to guarding an inanimate object.
(4) Each level increases the amount of weight you may
    carry prior to increased fatigue cost during battle by
    five pounds (though it does not affect overall
    carrying capacity).
(5) Lastly, this skill may help you escape confinement
    in the form of magical webs and bindings (except
    for totally impenetrable barriers such as the
    Imprisonment spell).  The chance is only 2% per
    level of skill known, and incurs a five second
    round time in the attempt.  To try, just type
    BREAK FREE."
 Combat Maneuvering will now provide a slight chance to a monster
 "special attack." (acid spit, flame breath, etc.) Each level of
 Combat Maneuvering trained in will provide a 2% chance (to a
 maximum of 95%) of completely avoiding such an attack.

Conjuration (10/5):
This school of magic teaches a character to cast spells that summon
primal elemental forces, objects and creatures from nowhere that
he or she can control. Increased levels of conjuration allow for
the casting of more powerful conjuration spells. Prerequisite:
Spellcraft.  (Skill #7)

Crushing weapons (12/5):
This is skill in the specialized use of crushing weapons such as
the club, warhammer, mace or morning star. Each level of training
adds +5 to your attack modifier when using these weapons. Crushing
weapons cannot be used in conjunction with the two-weapon skill.
(Skill #9)

Disguise (15/10):
Each rank of disguise skill provides new ways you might disguise yourself.
Once learned, typing the DISGUISE command will provide instructions
on its use. Prerequisite: Stealth. (Skill #34)

Dodging and parrying (8/4):
This skill can be learned by anyone who has one level of edged, Drakin,
crushing, pole arm, missile weapon, claws or martial arts training.
Each level adds +5 to defense modifier. Prerequisite: Edged weapons,
Drakin Weapons, Crushing weapons, Claws, Martial Arts, Missile weapons.
(Skill #6)

Drakin weapons (12/5):
This skill teaches specialization in the weapons developed by the
Drakin culture.  What these weapons lack in number - there are only
eight - they make up for in diversity. Though some of them are
similar to weapons in other groups, the fighting style used with
them is radically different and thus not included when other types
of weapon group specialization are learned. Likewise, learning
skill in drakin weapons does not provide any benefit with weapons
outside of the following: bo-stick and nunchaku (crushing),
naginata (polearm), katana, sai, wakizashi, kusari-gama (edged),
and shuriken (thrown). Each level of training adds +5 to
your attack modifier when using these weapons. This skill can be
used in conjunction with two-weapon skill. (Skill #16)

Druidic (10/5)
This school of magic teaches a character to cast spells dealing
with nature and the weather. Increased levels of druidic allow for
the casting of more powerful druidic spells.  Prerequisite:
Spellcraft.  (Skill #17)

Dyeing/Weaving (8/4):
Weaver cans create thread and fabric from raw materials such as wool,
and then create clothing and other woven items from the fabric.  They can
also color their fabrics using naturally occurring dyes. Prerequisite:
must be level two or higher. (Skill #15)

Edged weapons (12/5):
This is skill in the specialized use of edged weapons such as
swords, daggers and axes. Each level of training adds +5 to your
attack modifier when using these weapons. This skill can be used
in conjunction with two-weapon skill. (Skill #13)

Endurance  (8/4):
When you learn this skill, you undergo rigorous physical
training to increase stamina as well as increase
your pain threshold.  The result is that you gain 4
body points for each training.  In addition, each level of
endurance provides a slight ability to resist the effects
of elemental damage (fire, lightning and cold). Each level
of Endurance confers a 1% reduction in damage from these
attack forms. (to a maximum of 50%), be they from spells,
special attacks, or what not.  (Skill #11)

Enchantment (10/5):
This school of magic teaches a character to cast spells that alter
the nature of physical objects and the minds of creatures.
Increased levels of enchantment allow for the casting of more
powerful enchantment spells. Prerequisite: Spellcraft. (Skill#14)

Healing (20/2):
This discipline allows a character to administer first aid and
heal wounds. It is easier to heal simple injuries than complex ones.
It is also easier for a character to heal someone of the same race.
Increased training in healing offsets this disadvantage.  (Skill #20)

Jeweler (10/5):
Jewelers can craft all the baubles and bangles of the realms. They
may also ENCRUST, INLAY and INSET items with gems. Freshly
made jewelry from the hand of a skilled craftsman is automatically
imbued with a part of the craftsman's "essence," i.e., there will be
a small amount of magical power in the item that provides it with the
initial charges available should a powerful enchanter cast the Enchant
an Item spell on it. Prerequisite: must be level two or higher. (Skill #0)

Legerdemain (12/4):
The subtle arts of sleight of hand, picking pockets and shoplifting
fall into the realm of legerdemain. The more levels of legerdemain
a character has the more accurately he or she can determine the
worth of an item. Increased levels of legerdemain do not protect
you from the pick pocket attempts of others. (Skill #21)

Lockpicking (10/4):
The skill of opening locks without the proper key is known as
lockpicking.  (Skill #22)

Martial arts (12/5):
Knowing the discipline of martial arts turns your bare hands and
feet into deadly weapons. Each level of training adds +5
to your attack modifier when using no weapons. Additionally,
training techniques in the field of Martial Arts have taught one
how to focus ki such that when one has trained beyond 10 ranks,
one can strike creatures that normally require a magical weapon
to harm. In addition, each rank of Martial Arts increases your
defense by +2, as long as you are wielding nothing. (Skill #24)

Mind Over Matter (10/5):
Provides a psionicist with access to disciplines pertaining
to energy and matter.  Each level of skill in Mind over Matter
will provide access to additional disciplines. (Skill #28)

Mind Over Mind (10/5):
Provides a psionicist with access to disciplines pertaining to
the mind.  Each level of skill in Mind over Mind will provide
access to additional disciplines. (Skill #27)

Mining (8/4):
A miner can survey an area (usually caves or mountainside) for useful
minerals and ores, and then mine these ores from their surroundings with
the appropriate tools (such as a pick-axe).  The more levels of mining
skill that are known, the more efficient you are at mining, providing
you with a higher chance of finding more valuable ores. Prerequisite:
must be level two or higher. (Skill #35).

Missile weapons (12/5):
This is skill in the specialized use of missile weapons such as the
longbow, blow-gun, sling, gun and crossbow. This skill can not be used
in conjunction with two-weapon skill. Missile weapons my not be used with
shields.  (Skill #3)

Necromancy (10/5):
This school of magic teaches a character to cast spells that hold
sway over the forces of life and death. Increased levels of
necromancy allow for the casting of more powerful necromantic
spells. Casting necromancy spells can affect a character's
alignment. A necromancer walks a fine line between good
and evil. Prerequisite: Spellcraft.  (Skill #30)

Polearms (12/5):
This is skill in the specialized use of polearm weapons such as
halberds, pikes and lances. This skill cannot be used in conjunction
with two-weapon skill. Pole weapons are considered 2 handed weapons
and may not be used with shields. (Skill #25)

Psionics (20/5):
Mental training in psionics opens up the character's mind to
perform supernatural feats based on psychic will.  (Skill #26)

Sagecraft (5/3):
Sagecraft provides a character with knowledge of local history,
mythology, folklore, nature and science, so that when the RECALL
command is used in a room, additional information can be ascertained.
Increased levels of sagecraft allow a character to obtain more
specimens from the dead creatures they SKIN.  (Skill #32)

Spellcraft (20/5):
Spellcraft is education on the basic principles of magic. Those
with knowledge of spellcraft can continue their instruction in
specific schools of magic. The rudimentary incantations and gestures
learned with this skill also allow someone to use magical items
such as wands. Increased levels of spellcraft increase the chances
of successful casting.  (Skill #23)

Stealth (10/4):
Skill at hiding in shadows and staying hidden while moving silently
is known as stealth. It should be noted that successful hiding is
based on numerous factors such as lighting, terrain and the
perception of creatures and characters in the room.  (Skill #33)

Thrown weapons (12/5):
Skill in thrown weapons includes the use of rocks, spears and
javelins. This skill cannot be used in conjunction with two-weapon
skill.  (Skill #19)

Transcendence (10/2):
Recent scholarly research into extraplanar travel has revealed
that when passing through gates from one plane to the next, a
traveler will often become confused by the mind-numbing
experience -- physical and magical laws are not consistent, and
memory loss is reputed to be a common side effect.  The result
is that when traveling to another plane, people will lose all
knowledge of skills and spells they learned in their home
world.   The art of Transcendence will enable the planar
voyager to overcome this effect. (Skill #29)

As of yet, this art has been lost to the sorcerers of Andor.  Who
will be the first to find where these skills are taught -- and
more importantly -- how to pass through the Well of Worlds?

[When traveling to another plane, a character is limited to
their transcendence-level of skill in all their other skills.
Level-based magic resistance and other non-skill related
powers and abilities are not affected].

Trap and Poison lore (6/3):
This is  knowledge in the finding, setting, and disarming of traps.
The higher the skill rank, the more complex the traps a character
can set or disarm. Success when disarming is a percentage based on
the complexity of the trap versus a character's trap lore skill
level.

In addition, this skill allows you to anoint a weapon with poison.
The skill teaches you the proper distillation and application
of poisons to best utilize them on your weapon, such that every level
of skill provides you with the ability to place a level higher poison
on the weapon.  For example, you can place a level 1 poison (dissipates
in 1 round, doing 1 point of damage) on a weapon with one level of skill,
or you could place a level 30 poison (dissipates in 30 rounds, doing
30 points of damage) on a weapon with thirty levels of skill. (Skill #12)

Two weapon (10/4):
Two weapon skill allows a character to fight with a weapon in each
hand. The secondary weapon has an attack bonus equal to the number
of levels of two weapon skill a character has, limited by the skill
in that specific weapon type, multiplied by +5. (Skill #1)

Weaponsmithing (10/5):
A weaponsmith can repair damaged weapons and even craft new ones.  The
larger and more complex the weapon, the more levels of weaponsmithing
skill are needed to perform repair on it. Weaponsmiths can also
manufacture weapons (subject to their skill level and availability
of materials).
Lastly, weaponsmiths can refine the metal from ore to make it possible
to work with.  Advanced weaponsmiths can work with superior substances
that allow them to create magical or semi-magical weapons. Prerequisite:
must be level two or higher. (Skill #8)

Woodlore (8/3):
This skill allows a character to forage for useful wilderness products
(such as wood, berries, etc.), craft missile weapons and arrows, and also
works along with sagecraft to help with skinning animals and monsters.
Prerequisite: must be level two or higher. (Skill #18)
