trellin

Date: Sun, 17 Nov 1996 04:48:55 -0500 (EST)
From: Sean Ezekiel <jade@vianet.on.ca>

Here are a few PSI suggestions.

ACCELERATED MENDING-This would speed up the natural healing rate while
resting. Even if the healing rate was as high as 30 per minute it
would still take about 7 min for the average person to heal. Nowhere
near as strong as magic. Which of course it shouldnt be. This would
have a maintain cost.

SLOW POISON-This would resist or stop the effects of poison until a
necromancer can be found. This would have a maintain cost.

SLOW DISEASE-Same as Slow Poison but for disease.

BODY RIGIDITY-Hardens a character's skin like armor. This would not be
used all that much due to the dmod armor gives. But for those people
who don't see it as IC to wear armor actually can have that option.
There would be a maintain cost.

SENSE MIND-Gives the PSI user the ability to sense those around them,
invisible or hidden.

FORCE WAVE-A power similar to Thrust, but modified to be more of a push.
It would knock target down.

MIND'S EYE-The PSI user would close their eyes and use their mind to see.
Would be used as infravison. If not maybe a power that enhances senses
for the same effect.

CLOTTING-Helps to slow or stop blood flow until a healer can be located.

MIND CONTROL-Maintained and will hold PSI powers active when stunned or
counter the stun. Must be reactivated after it is used.

RESIST COLD-Causes the user's skin to be come less sensitive to cold,
therefore such attacks will have less of an effect.

RESIST HEAT-As Resist Cold.

IMMOBILIZE-Modify this power so that the person can not stand and take
the various other actions they should not be able to do while "immobilized."

ALL ATTACK POWERS-Make it so that there is a differnce between someone that
has 2 PSI and 2 Matter and has just learned Thrust and a person with 100 PSI.
I don't mean to say the damage should be raised as much as to say the chance
of doing the higher damage be increased with skill.
SPEED-Maybe have it so that if a PSI user is Slowed they can activate Speed
again to counter the Slow.

ANTI-MAGIC-Although I dont like the idea of magic countering PSI or the
reverse seeing as there is a spell "Cloak mind" PSI should have something
similar. The idea behind alot of these abilities is the mind's ability to
control the body. 

Also from what I myself have witnessed. The term "Mind over Matter" is used
in Martial Arts and meditation. In such demonstrations people can hold a flame
to their hand and not get burned, stop blood flow from a cut, and even lay on
broken glass while pressure is applied to their chest or walk on glass. In
both cases they were not cut. Of course these people are fanatics and very
rare cases. Imagine what can be done in a fantasy setting where a person
could have full control over their mind.....

                                                     Sean/Solarian
                                     *The Mind is a terrible thing to waste*
