The story of Brendig, as recorded by Taliesin Pendragon, somewhere deep
inside the palace...

[North storeroom]
This room is completely barren, the marbled walls stripped clean of even the
torch sconces. Only the door back to the corridor breaks the monotony.
You see Brook, Cornelius, Estara, Veronica, Ritar, Roc, Stefan and Dorrin. A
torch is here.
Obvious exits: none.

Roc says, "It is Gwythius dagger"

A vaguely familiar voice says 'Admit' and your vision blurs for a moment.

 [Secret room]
This large room is completely bare. The walls are made of the same marble as
the hallway, but the black and white are more intense. Inset into the north
wall is a massive door made from the same stone, with flecks of alzyron
glittering with their own light. Carved into the massive door is a single
dagger pointing downward. A small slot, big enough for a small sword, is cut
into the crossguard of the dagger, just below the hilt.
You see Brook, Cornelius, Estara, Veronica, Ritar, Roc, Stefan and Dorrin.
Obvious exits: none.

Veronica says, "Roc said Gwythius' name and all of a sudden we were here"

Estara's hand jerks slightly towards the far wall.
Estara warmly says, "I can't help myself!"
Estara lifts her hand up and slides Gwythius' dagger into the slot. 'CLICK'
The slot releases the dagger and seals over.

The air before you begins to shimmer.

A mistlike shape begins to form in the air before you.

Roc says, "Hello Mist"

Veronica gazes at the misty form.

It takes on the shape of a man, possibly human, definitely not physical.

Floating before you is the shade of Brendig Vendir. He appears to be a human
of about forty, though it is hard to be sure, considering his wispy form.

Brendig bows towards Estara.

Veronica watches the form take shape.

Estara curtsies towards Brendig.

Brendig quietly says, "I see the key still exists."

Stefan says, "It would seem it does sir."

Brendig quietly says, "It is good that you have come..."

Estara touches a silver-edged elkyri dagger with small flecks of alzyron forged
into the blade.

Stefan listens carefully to Brendig.

Brendig quietly says, "You wish to know who I am? Then please, be seated."

You see Brook (sitting), Brendig, Cornelius (sitting), Estara (sitting),
Veronica (sitting), Ritar (sitting), Roc (sitting), Stefan (sitting) and
Dorrin (sitting).

You remove a quill pen inscribed with the writing, "The Bank of Fayd" in blu
from the satchel.
You moisten the tip of the quill with your tongue.

Brendig quietly says, "No power on Andor could get in here."

Brendig quietly says, "This room was created by some of the most powerful mages
of my time."

Brendig quietly says, "Now then, as to who I am..."

Brendig gazes at all of you, becoming more solid for a moment.

Brendig begins to speak in a slow, quiet voice: "My brother Arenthor and I were
born on this day in the year 562. We grew up in a small village east of here,
laughing and playing as is normal for small boys."

"But it was obvious at a very early age that we were not as other boys, for we
both had a feel for the natural order of things. We were at home with the wild
creatures of the forests and could judge the weather with ease."

"When we reached the age of ten, our father sent us to study with Serina, a
skilled healer and a powerful druid. She taught us many things about the
natural world, about the Earthmother and all her creatures, and about the
workings of people."

"But of us she would only say in her quiet way, 'You two are very gifted, but
this is not your way, for while you both love life you each bear the mark of
death upon your souls. Your futures will not be spent here in the forests...'"

"And she would say no more on the subject, no matter how many ways we asked her
during our six years with her. Upon reaching manhood we chose to come to Fayd
before returning home."

"Needless to say it took some adjusting to, but in the first two months we
secured work as laborers and got an apartment in the poorer part of the city.
It was in the third month of living here that we learned out first real
lesson."

"To defend the weak sometimes one must be strong and use whatever means are
available. For it was at the end of the third month that we each first took a
life..."

"The landlord of our apartment was a kindly gentleman with a beautiful wife and
daughter, and only good in his heart. We returned home one night to find him
lying in the hall, his body twisted and broken."

"Bending over him I asked who had done such a thing to him, and his reply
shocked us both. 'It was Jendren, the lawkeep. He wished to marry Trina, my
daughter, but she always refused his attentions no matter what gifts he plied
her with.'"

"He coughed up some blood and continued, 'Then something happened, for he came
to me in a rage and began to beat me while she watched in horror. I am not a
warrior and could not fight back, and she finally begged for my life, promising
to stay with him.'"

"At first I could not believe that a lawkeep could hurt one he was sworn to
protect but then Aren, always the quicker of eye, pointed to the badge being
clutched in the man's hand."

"Coughing harder he pleaded, 'I will not live out this night, don't leave her
in his hands, I beg you...' I quickly agreed and Aren agreed, drawing his
dagger, exclaimed, 'He will not live out the night, I swear it!'"

"So saying, he slit open the palm of his hand and held it out to me. Not to be
outdone I did the same, and we clasped hands sharing the blood that we shared
from birth. Then, suprisingly quick, Arenthor drove his dagger into our
landlord's heart."

"'Now he shall feel no pain, come brother we must avenge him!', he stated. And
having no argument, we left to seek out the true killer. Jendren, a once good
man corrupted by power, was asleep with his 'wife' when we found him... He did
not wake."

Brendig shakes his head suddenly, "But my story is long and our time grows
short. I brought you here for a reason that is far more important. For over
four hundred years I have awaited the return of my brother's sword to the
realms of man."

"Only the power of the Lightblade can stop the Darkblade's bid for power. One
of you, pure of heart and strong of purpose, must take up my blade and seek out
it's dark twin."

"As I am spirit who can guide you, I can only assume my Arenthor has also
passed on his blade to another who can continue his plans. He can only mean ill
for all and must be stopped at any cost."

Brendig pauses for a long moment before continuing.

"Choose wisely the wielder, for only the strong of heart can hope to succeed,
and Lightblade will not aid those who cannot use her. More you will learn, when
the time has come..."

Roc nods to Brendig.

Brook asks, "What sort of blade is it, this Lightblade?"

Brendig wields a glowing white alzyron claidhmore with a hilt made from a
unicorn's horn.

Brook says, "Wow."
Brook says, "That is a beautiful weapon."

Taliesin writes, "Stefan was the only one who could hold the weapon without
being burned."

                                    * * *
