                               Team Tactics
                           by Taliesin Pendragon

WARNING

 This is a confidential document and neither the document nor the strategies
 detailed are to be copied, shared or described to anyone outside your
 temple, church or guild on pain of death or worse. 

INTRODUCTION

 I am the sad survivor of many a battle on and off of Andor. During these
 skirmishes I have witnessed many acts of heroism, and many mistakes which
 could have been avoided. With your help, we will develop better strategies
 for team members to act together, support each other and triumph over our
 opponents. 

TERMS

 A field leader commands all the teams.

 A team leader directs the actions of a team, and identifies the next in
 command. If a member disagrees with a team leader he can voice an objection 
 once, but if the leader doesn't change his mind, the member must follow
 orders.

 A group leader is the one everyone follows behind, and is not necessarily
 the commanding team leader. A group leader should announce when the group is
 about to move, and allow enough time for everyone to be ready. A group
 leader is often the strongest member, since they must stay visible, but may
 be the team leader or simply the one who knows the path best. 

COMMANDS

  Commands are only given by a team leader, only obeyed if issued by the
  team leader.
  
  Move ......... Group leader announces "Moving" and proceeds.
  Pause ........ Group leader stops.
  Disband ...... Group leader disbands.
  Guard ........ Defenders guard weaker members.
  Search ....... Searcher searches the area.
  All Search ... Everyone searches the area.
  Attack ....... Begin combat.
  Cease ........ End combat.
  Health ....... Everyone checks their health, restores or heals.
  Reveal ....... Lead mage casts Revelation or Dispel Invis.
  Hide ......... All but group leader hides or invises.
  All Hide ..... Everyone, including group leader, hides or goes invisable.
  At Ease ...... End of combat status.
  Report ....... Psionist reports team status to field leader.
  Scout ........ Scouts look ahead and report to team leader.
  Regroup ...... Return to meeting point.
  Roll Call .... Every member states their name.
  Buddy Check .. Every member checks the health and id of their buddy.
  Silence ...... Nobody speaks or makes a noise.
  End Silence .. End of Silence.
  Freeze ....... No motions at all.
  End Freeze ... End of Freeze.

COMBAT ROLES

 In combat you have people who attack, defend, support and coordinate.
 Your fighters should defend your weaker team-mates and attack your 
 opponents. Mages should attack your opponents when they aren't maintaining
 the health and spells of their team-mates. Psionists should attack your 
 opponents when not disabling opponents or maintaining secure communications.

 FIGHTERS

  Your primary duties are to guard those who need it, and attack your
  opponents. You should keep herbs on hand to maintain your health and 
  overcome poison (rowik berries) and disease (maufra lichen). Also 
  invaluable are potions or fruit to go invisible, reveal hidden people, 
  disjunct to dispel bubbles and spells, and earthwave (to knock down mages
  and fighters).

 MAGES

  Your services are vital to a good team. You must help the defenses of your
  teammates, disable the opponents and fight as necessary.

 Offense: There are several ways to disable and inhibit fighters. 
  Mages should use one of many spells to keep the opposing fighters out of
  action, such as webbing, slowing, stunning, tentacling and earthwave. A psi 
  can stun, Pain or immobilize a fighter. 

 Defense:
  Your team's fighters can be supported with defensive spells, strength,
  haste and invigoration. Missile users can use True Aim and confidence.
  Mages should keep an eye on the health of their fighters and restore it as
  necessary. Mages and psionists can disable the opponents of the fighters.

Mages: 

 Offense:
  Opposing mages should be disabled by being silenced or stunned.
  
 Defense:
  Mages should be defended if needed by the fighters.

Psionists:

 Offense:
  Opposing psionists should be stunned and/or slowed.

 Defense:
  Psionists need to be defended by fighters and their health maintained by
  mages. 


Team Tactics

 Every member of a team should know the strengths, weaknesses and abilities
 of their team-mates. Know how people fight and what they need when fighting.
 The strongest members should know who needs guarding. Every member should 
 have a buddy. 

 Once a group is in motion, no member should perform any act which will slow
 him down without warning the group leader and allowing time for reaction. 
 Once a group stops, the stronger members should guard the weaker ones if 
 necessary. A team leader can direct the defenders to hold off unless he 
 commands, "Guard." 


Team Leader

Command: Decision making
Control: Orders issued
Communications: Commands issued and reports returned
Combat:
Intelligence:


SOME GENERAL COMBAT TIPS

 * If a teammate is stunned, hold their hand and drag them out.
 
 * If a teammate is stunned and on their knees, sitting or laying, have them
   submit (you can submit while stunned) then pick them up (take them) and
   carry them out.

 * If a teammate is knocked down while flying, have them submit, pick them up
   then carry them somewhere where you can descend.

 * If you hear the voice of someone you can't see and you recognize the voice,
   then they are hidden and can be revealed by searching. If you don't
   recognize the voice, you just know someone is speaking, then they are
   invisible or in phantom form and must be revealed with Dispel Invisibility 
   or Revelation. 

 * Try to keep your opponents busy. Knock them down so they have to stand up. 
   Have a healer heal them while they're down. Dispel their spells. Have a
   mage Slow them. Try to get them bubbled, webbed, immobilized, snared, 
   tentacled or stunned.


TIPS FOR USING POTIONS

 * Use bottles with different colors so you can select them easily.

 * Use bottle colors that make sense, like red for Disjunct.

 * Engrave the bottle so you know what potion is inside.

 * Example: a red bottle engraved with the writing, "DISJUNCT"

 * Keep all your bottles closed, except possible the one you use the most.
   Then when you open the bottle, it reveals which potion to drink.
