> look Taliesin
You gaze upon your own reflection...
The tall, dark-haired man you see is Taliesin Pendragon, Field Medic and Knight
of Amilor. His eyes are pools of glittering gold that glow with psionic power,
missing nothing. His friendly face betrays the humor and pain that lies within.
He is wearing a polished silver helm with an enormous amethyst set into the
brow, a golden amulet with a silver wave inscribed upon it, some eldritch
titanium armor, some black steel sunglasses, a giant beard, a gulivira skin
cloak, some deeplander boots and a black crystal amulet.
He has singed eyebrows and his face is a bit charred.
He appears to be healthy.

> inventory
You are carrying: 
  A jade flask (open)
  A bag (open)
  A stainless steel surgical knife
  A black leather satchel (open)
  A sack (open)
  A green flask engraved with the writing, "Taliesin's Marvelous Body Restorer
(tm)" (open)
  A glass flask (open)
  A flask engraved with the writing, "Brewing Flask" (open)
  A glass engraved with the writing, "Slimey lives here!" (open)
  An eldritch titanium shield engraved with the writing, "Psi Powered"
  A small brass feather charm
  A crystal jar engraved with the writing, "Taliesin's Medical Leeches (tm)"
(open)
  A polished silver helm with an enormous amethyst set into the brow (worn)
  A golden amulet with a silver wave inscribed upon it (worn)
  An eleraan (open)
  Some eldritch titanium armor (worn)
  A backpack
  Some mandrake root
  A shiny blue pin with "Save our friends the racoons! They're cleaner than
most of us."
  A bright red felt pennant with the words Taliesin's healing <<WHILE YOU
WAIT!>> in shocking gold letters
  Some black steel sunglasses (worn)
  A burning torch
  Some black breeches (worn)
  A dark purple silk shirt (worn)
  A deep brown leather waistpack (open)
  A giant beard (worn)
  Your object belonging to Taliesin
  A gulivira skin cloak (worn) (open)
  Some deeplander boots (worn)
  A black crystal amulet (worn)
  A glass vial (open)
  A tiny silver key

> look in bag
In the bag you see a partners eye, some ash, an iron lockpick, a magician's
diamond, a black plush wolfling puppet that resembles Demetrius and howls when
thumped, a clue, a furry ear, a small plastic action figure that resembles
Taliesin, whose eyes glow at you, a black crystal cube, some large golden dice
with sapphire pips, a quill pen inscribed with the writing, "The Bank of Fayd"
in blue, some wool, a token, a pin that says, "It's all in your mind!", a pin
that says, "Wounds healed...while you wait!", a bottle engraved with the
writing, "Specimen Bottle", a long sharp needle with black stitching string
attached, a glass engraved with the writing, "Taliesin Pendragon: Midwife to
the Queen", some pearl handled tweezers, a dagger engraved with the writing, "I
don't need no stinkin' haste! ;)" and some silver shackles.

> look in sack
In the sack you see a skrag scale, a muur crystal, a muur crystal, some garlic,
some garlic, an ettin beard, an ettin beard, a golden flower, some arachen
fangs, some spider fangs, a beetle hair, an ant hair, an ant hair, a skrag
tongue, a marble bottle, some spider fangs, an ant hair, a manango pit, a
moonstone, a manango pit, some onoki moss, a roseate eggshell, a manango pit, a
pearl, an emerald, an ant leg, some spider fangs, some beetle saliva, an ant
leg, an ant hair, an ant leg and an ant hair.

> look in waistpack
You notice a nearly invisible mystic sigil on it.
In the waistpack you see a riyong mushroom, a cocooned larva, a tricana
seedlings, a manango fruit, a riyong mushroom, a tricana seedlings, a manango
fruit, a riyong mushroom, a tricana seedlings, a manango fruit, a manango
fruit, a thesnia leaf, a rowik berry, a rowik berry, a rowik berry, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some
fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, some fragrant sori, a
maufra lichen, some fragrant sori, a manango fruit, a riyong mushroom, a maufra
lichen, a tricana seedlings, some mirmach bark, a rowik berry, a maufra lichen,
a maufra lichen, a maufra lichen, a maufra lichen, a maufra lichen, a manango
fruit, a manango fruit, a manango fruit, a maufra lichen, a manango fruit, a
maufra lichen, a riyong mushroom, a cocooned larva, a cocooned larva, a manango
fruit, some fragrant sori, a tricana seedlings, a riyong mushroom, a tricana
seedlings, a cocooned larva and a maufra lichen.

> open backpack
You open a backpack, revealing a tiny silver key, a golden brown fruit, a
wrinkled mushroom, a blank key, a damaged aquamarine, a note, a human scalp, a
lens, some black lace panties that used to belong to Zyphini, some mandrake
root, some beetle saliva, some black silk panties that used to belong to
Winnowill, a deep blue crystal key, some mandrake root, some mandrake root and
some mandrake root.

> info
You are a journeyman of the Temple of Amilor.
Level: 65
Build Points to date: 675
Unspent Build Points: 4
Experience Points until next Build Point: 12039
Quickness: 130    Constitution: 131    Strength:  131    Agility: 95 
Willpower: 130    Perception:   131    Empathy:   53 
Age:       32     Height:       6'1    Weight:    165    Load: 275

Current Attack Modifier: -79 [Wary]
Current Defend Modifier: 251

Body Points: 232/232
Mana: 104/104
Psi: 243/256
Fatigue: 231/231

Cyberware:
Omega Cyberplate Armor
Alpha Telepathor

[Type SPELLS or SKILLS for more information.]
