Dear Autumn:

Here are my ideas on what we can do.  Please let me know what 
suggestions you have to make it more dramatic or workable. 

First, we have to decide how Autumn gets the wand.  Did she find it?
Was it given to her? Does it have a story?  Somehow, Autumn discovers 
that it will lower a person's inhibitions, and make them suggestible, 
like hypnosis.

Next, Autumn has to get in a spat with her lover.  She decides to use 
Taliesin to get back at her lover, and because she's upset and wants 
someone to love her.  Perhaps the wand even has an effect on the 
owner, and brings out Autumn's old fondness for Taliesin.

Autumn will encounter Taliesin in a public place with a lot of 
witnesses.  She'll wave the wand, and then gesture at Taliesin.
He'll clutch at his head, and his face will go pale.  Then, she will 
take him by the hand and say, "Taliesin, come with me."  He'll nod, 
and go quietly.  Autumn will tell him, "I love you, Taliesin.  You 
love me too, don't you?"  He'll quietly nod and agree.  "Yes, Autumn.  
I love you too."

Over the next few days, Taliesin will be seen following Autumn around 
like a puppy, wanting to be with her, nuzzling and kissing her.  She 
may get testy and shoo him away at times, but it doesn't affect his 
devotion.  He seems somewhat different from normal.  More subdued, 
less silly. 

Autumn will test Taliesin by asking him to heal her evil friends.  
And he will.  Sometimes, he may resist, and she'll re-inforce her 
wishes with the wand.  She'll keep convincing him that it's the right 
thing to do.  (Healing is good.  We don't want anyone walking around 
wounded, right?  Taliesin kinda believes this anyway, even though 
Amilor tells him not to.)

Autumn doesn't ask Taliesin to do anything REALLY evil, knowing that 
it would be too much of a stretch and he might snap out of it.  But
she'll ask him to stop seeing his friends so much.  She'll stop him
from doing favors for people she doesn't like.

After about a week of this, Revenge will encounter Hunan again.  
Taliesin will step in to guard Hunan, and Autumn will tell him not 
to.  While he's struggling with himself over this, Revenge will 
attack Hunan.  Taliesin will fight back, but Autumn will tell him not 
to, and he'll stop attacking.  But he's still guarding, and Revenge 
ends up killing him.

After Taliesin is rezzed, he is no longer under Autumn's spell.  In 
fact, he now hates her.  He hates evil more than ever, for what has 
been done to him.  And he hates himself for what he has done.  Autumn 
goes back to her former lover.  It can even be stated that Autumn 
staged the spat just for the purpose of turning a goody to evil. 

All through this, we can whisper to each other (OOC) and use contact
to co-ordinate events and make sure we don't do things that the
other doesn't agree with.  You'll need to get Revenge to go after 
Hunan again.  Hunan may have to be webbed or immobilized.

Finally, what happens to the wand?  Does Autumn keep it?  Have all 
its charges been spent?  Enquiring minds want to know! <grin>

Love,
Taliesin 
