Dear Chyme and Shadow:

Hear is a modification of my backstory modified to dovetail with 
my current dilemma. I think it has a nice ring to it. If you 
like it and events allow, I'd like to try it.

                      Lover, Come Back

Taliesin, at wit's end and impatient to free Estara, devises a 
strategy of his own. He gathers what friends he can, especially 
those with psionics, in the T'kasta gardens where he finds the 
most peace.

He asks them all to concentrate on him, to yield up all the love 
and psychic energy they can for him to draw on. When he feels 
ready, he projects his thought over mindlink in an incredible 
blast of psionic power felt planetwide:

Taliesin's mind interrupts your thoughts in a powerful punch:
"LOVER, COME BACK TO ME!"

You feel the touch of Shalana's mind:
"Thinra! You're alive!!!"

You feel the touch of Estara's mind:
"I'm trying, Tali, but it's too stro..."

Shalana phases into view.

> look at Shalana
Shalana stands only four feet tall, but her psionic power seems to almost set
the air vibrating. Her dark, shining eyes are penetrating in their gaze.
Shiny black hair falls about her heart-shaped face to her tanned shoulders.
She is wearing sandals, desert robes, an ivory earcuff and a wedding pendant
holding a large fire opal.
She is surrounded by a psionic fence.
She is surrounded by a wall of force.
She is surrounded by a force field.
She appears healthy. 
(She has in a pocket another wedding pendant that belonged to Thinra.) 
(She should be resistant to all attacks.)

Shalana runs to Taliesin and throws her arms around him.
Shalana kisses Taliesin passionately.
Taliesin blinks at Shalana.
Shalana exclaims, "Oh, Thinra, they said you were dead! I've never stopped 
loving you!" 

Taliesin furrows his brow.
Taliesin grimly says, "Who? Who are you? What did you call me?"

Shalana asks, "What has happened to you? Thinra?"

Taliesin scowls.
Taliesin grimly says, "I don't know who you are, or who you 
 think I am, but now is not the time. My wife needs me, and I 
 must find her." 

Shalana gasps.
Shalana yells, "I AM YOUR WIFE!"
Shalana says, "I lost you once, I shall not lose you again. Tell 
 me why I should not teleport us home at once." 

Taliesin grimly says, "I told you. I don't know you. I'm not 
 your husband. Leave me alone."

Shalana gasps.
Shalana gazes at Taliesin.
Shalana touches her palm to Taliesin's forehead and concentrates.
Taliesin shudders.
Shalana's face goes pale.
Shalana cries.
Shalana exclaims, "Your memories are gone or blocked, but you are my 
 Thinra. Touching your mind is like coming home. But you are so 
 tortured!" 

Taliesin groans.
Taliesin grimly says, "Okay..."
Taliesin grimly says, "tell me who you think I am."

Shalana says, "Maybe I can do better than that. Let me search 
 your mind. If I can free your memories, then you will KNOW."

Taliesin ponders.
Taliesin grimly says, "Maybe another time. First I must help 
 Estara."

Shalana rolls her eyes.
Shalana says, "If you'd let me restore your memory, you'd 
 remember the Willpower ritual. It should give 'Estara' the 
 strength to expel the darkness. But..."
Shalana says, "she must truly want to expel the darkness, and..."
Shalana gazes at Taliesin.
Shalana says, "you must swear to come home with me and fulfill 
 the vows you made when you married ME."

                            * * *

At this point Taliesin will solicit advice from his friends. He 
may refuse. If so, Shalana will offer to restore his memory with 
no conditions, but not perform the Willpower ritual. If Taliesin 
accepts, she will restore his memories in hopes he will remember 
his love for her. Taliesin and Shalana can then describe his 
former life to the people present. If Taliesin agrees to return 
with Shalana so that Estara is saved, the ritual will be put off 
for the next day.

If Shadow is available, perhaps he can appear as Shalana's
father, the Hodja. The backstory is essentially the same, except 
that Thinra and Shalana were wed, and when the Hodja found out
he blocked Thinra's memory of them and sent him away, telling
Shalana that he had been eaten by some creature and returning
Thinra's wedding pendant as proof. 

So what do you think? Obviously, this is merely a guideline and 
can be altered as circumstances dictate. Let me know what you'd 
like to know about life with the Shazraadi that isn't in the 
other messages I sent earlier.

-Taliesin
