Dear Shanta:

I would like to arrange if possible for the following scenario to shed light 
on one phase of Taliesin's backstory. Taliesin has recently fallen in love 
with Estara Starr, which makes this an interesting time for the backstory to
be revealed:

A young woman named Shalana sneaks into Fayd. She is short for a human, but 
slender and lovely. She is dressed in desert robes and sandals, and has her 
long, flowing black hair wrapped in a veil. Her eyes are dark and liquid, her 
lips a dark red.

After furtively exploring the bazaar, and tasting the sweets in the
marketplace, Shalana spots Taliesin in BC, and is revealed by her gasp. 

"Thinra!" she exclaims, peering at Taliesin. "Is it really you?"

Taliesin, of course, doesn't know what she's talking about, and doesn't 
recognize her or the strange name she calls him by. At first, she thinks he's 
teasing her, then she gets mad, and finally she just wants to know what's 
going on. She's certain that he's Thinra.

Shalana glances furtively around, then tries to probe Taliesin. Tali's 
psychic fortress, as always, blocks that. She asks if he'll consent to her 
probe. He's very hesitant, but finally assents.

Shalana slips into Tali's mind, then suddenly moans and passes out. Tali 
guards and comforts her, but is totally dumbfounded. Shalana moans, and 
regains consciousness. She peers at Taliesin, very pale, and starts crying.

Taliesin and bystanders escort Shalana into the saloon to give her 
refreshment and ask questions.  She explains that she belongs to a tribe of 
nomads. The Shazraadi, for such the nomads called themselves, were an ancient 
tribe who lived off the land and revered it for its gods and its bounty.
They traveled from place to place, grazing their herds and trading at the
towns they visited.

She knew a man, Thinra'al Zamfirna, who looked just like Taliesin. Slipping
into his mind, she felt as if she were probing Thinra's again, as she had
many times before. But like a home with a new owner, nothing there was the
same. She found no scrap of memory of Shalana or Thinra.  The personality was 
the same, but the memories were of someone else. Her Thinra was still gone.
After some prodding, Shalana explains how she met Thinra. 

                                  * * * 

The man was tall, his skin burned and darkened from days and days of
wandering the desert wastes.  His hair was long, greasy and tangled in mats,
as was his beard.  His eyes blazed with madness, drool escaping from chapped, 
broken lips onto clothes torn and tattered.  He saw without seeing, heard
without hearing, moving by the whim of some internal reflex, without
intelligence. 

The desert had been the man's whole world for days on end, until a spot of
color appeared at the horizon.  He headed towards it without heading for it,
the spot growing in his sight until it revealed a desert oasis of trees and
water.  Nomads had pitched tent there. 

The Shazraadi, for such the nomads called themselves, were an ancient tribe
who lived off the land and revered it for its gods and its bounty.  They
traveled from place to place, grazing their herds and trading at the towns
they visited.  Although a seemingly simple people, secretly they trained in
magic, medicine and mentalism. 

Shalana was tending herd when she saw the man.  She was tall and slender, and 
had finally attained adulthood, but even so he towered over her.  There's
something wrong with him, she thought.  He was in terrible shape, a victim of 
the desert.  But that wasn't it, she saw many men like that.  It was
something else.  His eyes! 

The man's gaze didn't wander over her, the way most men's did on seeing her
delightful form.  If fact, he seemed to be gazing blanky into space.  She
wanted to probe him, but knew she'd get in trouble if she did.  Instead, she
summoned an elemental to guard the herd and took the man to their camp.

Old women in hooded robes peered at the man with Shalana and snickered to 
each other.  "Look how tall he is!" one whispered loudly.  "I bet he picks
coconuts without climbing the tree!  He's taller than our tallest man!"  Of 
course, the Shazraadi were a short people, but they didn't think so.

"Shalana only comes up to his ... belt!" one woman exclaimed.

"Look at his eyes.  He is surely mad.  How could he cross the desert like 
that, by himself?" 

The nomads were in awe of the man.  He was a head above the tallest of them,
with a madness that was surely the hand of the gods.  A man with so little
sanity left couldn't be capable of crossing the desert and surviving, could
he?  It was surely a sign.  They named him Thinra'al Zamfirna: Madman of the
Wastes. 

The Shazraadi took him in.  They fed and healed him, treating him for
exposure.  Their language was strange to Thinra, but his own was lost from
his memory.  They taught him their language, the healers teaching him their
ways as well.  

After months of care, Thinra recovered his health.  He was strong, fit and
well groomed.  The madness in his eyes had eased as he began regaining his
sanity and his humanity.  He travelled with the Shazraadi, tending to their
animals and stitching their tents and desert garb. 

Thinra was approached by a hooded figure.  He was shrunken with age, and the
beard that fell to his feet was quite gray, but the wrinkled face within the
hood was alight with wisdom and humor. 

"I am the Hodja," said the man.  "The eldest of the elders.  In our tribe, it 
is the hodja who keeps alive the old traditions.  A hodja is trained in all 
skills known to the tribe, and is both teacher and storyteller.  My people
come to me for advice and blessings and training.  You are now one of us, my 
friend.  Please seek me if I may be of aid." 

The Hodja leaned on his gnarled, well-worn staff and said, "But be not
alarmed if I sometimes test or task you.  It is our way."  He winked at
Thinra. 

Thinra nodded.  "I thank you for all your help and kindness," he said.

"Do not thank me yet," replied the Hodja, smirking.

"Have you lived here your entire life?" asked Thinra.  "Not yet!" replied the 
Hodja, giggling. 

Thinra had no memory of the past, but his new life was a happy one.  At night
though, his moans would often wake the tribe.  He woke the elders once too
often, and was sent to the shamans for study.  They stated that his memories
were lost, but not gone.  He'd find no peace until his past was found or
killed, and they didn't think him strong enough to regain his past.  With his 
consent, tribal psionicists purged his older memories so he could sleep at
night. 

The shamans tried teaching Thinra magic, but he seemed to have no magical
power to draw on.  He could learn a technique with amazing ease, but failed
miserably to apply it.  His psionic energy was tremendous, so the shamans
contented themselves with teaching him psionics.  Better half a man, they
figured, than none at all.  The shamans thought little of those who couldn't
command both mental and magic power. 

Shalana and Thinra fell in love, but their relationship was strongly
discouraged by the elders, who were opposed to mixing the races.  They seemed 
too stubborn to discourage, however, and continued to meet in secret until
one day, to Shalana's dismay,  Thinra disappeared.  She searched high and 
low, but he was nowhere to be found, and the elders would not help her. He 
could not be found by Contact, and it was assumed he had been attacked and 
killed by some creature.

Shalana pined for Thinra for years, until finally settling down with another 
of her tribe. She loved her new mate, but always had an ache in her heart 
where Thinra had been.

                                  * * * 

Taliesin listens to Shalana's story, but knows that he is not Thinra. He 
wonders if maybe Thinra is an unknown brother. Taliesin has no memories 
before wandering into Fayd years before, but he's sure if he were Thinra that 
he'd recognize Shalana.

Taliesin asks Shalana, "You say your people have the power to remove a man's
memories?"  Shalana nods, hesitantly. Her people are shy, and very reticent 
to reveal their abilities.  "Do you have the power to unlock those memories?"
Again, Shalana nods.

Taliesin approaches her. "I want you to unlock any memories I may have 
buried," he says, nervously.

"If you have no memories to reveal, the process may damage you," Shalana 
warns. "I wouldn't want to cause you harm."

"I know that my life before Fayd is a blank. I must have something there to 
be revealed, whether it was locked away by your people or not. I don't want 
to go through life always wondering what happened to me.  Please do what you 
can." 

Shalana looks torn, but she too would like to know more about Taliesin. She 
still hopes that he's Thinra. "I will need several items," she says. "An
amethyst, a giant tooth, an ettin beard and a roseate eggshell." 

Once those items are obtained, Shalana brews all but the amethyst into a
potion using a chalice shaped like a skull. She then uses the amethyst to 
cast Rite of Prep on the potion, and then another spell. She offers the 
chalice to Taliesin to drink. "The potion will prepare you for what I am
about to do. Once you drink it, I must enter your mind again. Are you ready?"

Taliesin grits his teeth and nods. He raises the chalice to his lips and
drinks. He seems changed, but reports that otherwise, he is unharmed and
recalls nothing more than before. 

Shalana nods, and approaches him. She casts Mindlink on him, then probes him
again. Concentrating, she seems to be fighting something. "You have a very 
strong 'presence' Taliesin. Will you submit to me?"

Taliesin mutters, but submits. Shalana concentrates over him once more, then 
both grimace in pain, moan, stagger and fall to the ground. Shalana 
concentrates, and with exceptional clarity and power, she thinks out,
"SHAZRAADI, HELP!"  Immediately after, everyone also feels the feeble touch of 
Thinra's mind, "help me."  Then both Taliesin and Shalana fall
unconscious. (Notice that Thinra did that?) 

The realm then experiences a psychic phenomenon, as if several powerful minds 
are searching for something. It focuses on the saloon. Then, an old man 
teleports into their midst. He immediately guards Shalana, glaring at them. 
Though old, his mental presence is tangible and very powerful, his concern 
and anger readily apparent. However, one can sense the compassion and humor 
that are at his core.

He speaks in an odd tongue. "?Azim shimala Shalana qua?" he asks, looking 
around. He snorts, and touches Taliesin, concentrating on him. He asks 
again, "What happened to Shalana?"

As the event is described to him, the old man holds Shalana, comforting her
and encanting strange syllables. He tends to her wounds, and is dismayed by
what Shalana was attempting to do. 

"Very bad. Very bad. Shalana silly girl. Much love, that one. Much power. Not
enough wisdom. Wisdom from time, eh?" He moves to Taliesin, tends to him and
repeats the process. "Thinra he is, but he knew it not. Stay with us he could 
not, and know of us, he could not. Much pain, he had. A favor, we did. A 
favor." 

The old man revives Shalana. "Silly, silly girl, my Shalana. What's a father 
to do? Bond with him, you did, unleash parts we had bound so carefully. Lucky 
you are, to be damaged not. His mind I fear for still. To be changed so." 

The old man touches Taliesin, and probes him. "Tcha," says the old man. "This 
works not well. Of two minds is he. Together they work not. One mind must man 
have." 

Taliesin regains consciousness, but is unable to speak. He babbles and 
mumbles, gazing without comprehension. The old man touches him, and
Taliesin's eyes close. The old man gazes at Shalana, and she too touches
Taliesin. Together, they concentrate. Suddenly, Taliesin's eyes open again, 
and a thought is felt from Thinra: "Shalana, noooooo!"  She cries, but
touches him again and concentrates. The eyes close. After a moment comes 
Thinra's last thought: "goodb..."

"Shalana," says the old man. "Now know what we did. Why we did. Thinra could 
not stay. What happened before we met him, we know not. His broken past had
to go. And stay with us, he could not. The elders left his mind, but locked
his memory. Locked it must stay. He must not know. He is fragile. Come not
here again, if you love the man he was, and wish no harm to who he is." 

The old man gazes around the saloon. "Many friends has this man. Unhappy we 
are you know of us, but trust you we will." 

The old man prays, casts a spell at Taliesin, and Taliesin wakes up. He looks 
around in astonishment. "What? What happened? I feel so strange!" The old man 
shakes his head.

"Know it you must not. Weak you are. Healed you we have. Again. We are sorry, 
friend. Come home, Sh'lana. Mother worried is." So saying, the old man takes 
Shalana by the hand, and both teleport out.

                                   * * *
 
Of course, there is plenty of room for improvisation here. Variations can
include Taliesin being kidnapped by the Shazraadi and needing rescue, or his
remembering his love for Shalana and feeling torn, etc. 

As you may recall, there is another story behind this one, in which a mage
in the far past named Archaimbaud leads a fight of wizardry against his
estranged wife and succeeds against her.  He is brought from his time into 
ours, but has lost his powers of magic and his memory, and is found by the 
Shazraadi. The location of his children, turned into gargoyles by his ex-
wife, is still unknown. (Perhaps even above City Hall.)

I think it would be interesting if the event with Shalana comes after
Taliesin proposes to Estara, but before the wedding. Then, during the wedding 
or some time after, another event reveals the story of Archaimbaud. 

I'd really like you and Montar to run these events if time permits, but if
that's not feasible can you let me know soon and recommend another GM to
submit this to?  Thanks, Shanta. 

Take care,
Taliesin Pendragon

Dave Goodman
UID:brnghurst
email:dgoodman@novalink.com
sysop@infoway.com
(415)898-9177
