			   - T'kasta by-laws -


Article I:  Name
This association is " T'kasta sdya esth Natae," (translation: Seekers of the
Way), hereinafter, "T'kasta."

Article II:  Statement of Purpose
This temple has been formed to promote and maintain traditional ancestral
worship, harmony, and the values of Unity, Honesty, Integrity, and Leadership
and to preserve the universal balance between good and evil. This organization
stands committed to understanding and practicing the precepts of the Way. The
T'kasta shall always be dedicated to the needs and concerns of the drakin and
surrounding communities.

Article III:  Membership
The T'kasta will be made open to anyone who meets the requirements of
membership and is willing to uphold the by-laws of the T'kasta. It will be the
responsibility of every member of the T'kasta to be familiar with and abide by
the by-laws of the temple.

	1. Governing Council membership.
        The T'kasta will be administered by a Governing Council (hereinafter,
        "the Council"). Unless otherwise provided herein, decisions of the
        Council shall be made by majority vote. The Council shall have seven
        (7) members.

		A.  Each Council member shall have a three-year term.

                        a.  Every year, on or before the annual date of the
                        adoption of these by-laws, the Council shall
			re-evaluate any member whose term has come to date.

                                (a).  If the Council's evaluation of a said
                                member is a negative one then said member
                                will resign any post given him/her and step
                                down as a Council member returning again to
                                the Inner Circle with the rank of Master.

                                (b).  If the Council's evaluation is a
                                positive one, said member shall gain another
                                three-year term if he/she wishes to remain
                                on as a Council member.

                B.  Nominations for membership on the Council may be made by
                any member of the Inner Circle and/or the Council.

                        a.  Any member in good standing of the T'kasta Inner
                        Circle with the rank of Grand Master, who has been a
                        member of the temple for at least one year shall be
                        eligible for nomination, including prior members of
                        the Council.
                        b.  Any Council member whose present or previous
                        evaluation was negative shall not be eligible for
                        nomination.

                C.  In the event that a member of the Council leaves the
                Council before expiration of the member's term, the Council
                shall appoint a replacement who shall serve out the
                unexpired term of the departing member.

                        a.  Said appointee shall be eligible to be appointed
                        to another term.

		D.  Council Structure and Ethics Code.

			a.  Committees
                        The Council may delegate its responsibilities to
                        subcommittees of the Council and to such other
                        committees as the Council may from time to time
                        create.

                                (a).  Membership on such committees is
                                restricted to the Council and Inner Circle
                                members with the ranks of Disciple, Master
                                or Grand Master.

			b.  Officers
                        Officers of the Council shall be chosen upon
                        ratification of these by-laws and shall be chosen as
                        follows but is not limited to such:  Chair, Vice
                        Chair, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Ambassador,
                        Clerk and Assistant Clerk. The term of each officer
                        shall be the same as that of Council members unless
                        stated otherwise here. No officer shall serve more
                        than two consecutive terms, but each shall continue
                        beyond that time if necessary until his/her
                        successor is elected and qualified. Only Council
                        members shall be allowed to hold any office stated
                        here.

                                (a).  The Chair of the Council shall preside
                                at all meetings, authorize all calls for any
                                special meetings, and generally perform the
                                duties of the presiding officer;

                                (b).  The Vice Chair of the Council shall
                                assume the duties of the Chair in the case
                                of the absence or inability of the Chair.

                                        (1)  In the case of the absence or
                                        disability of both the Chair and
                                        the Vice Chair, the remaining
                                        Council members will elect one of
                                        their number to perform temporarily
                                        all the duties of the Chair;

                                (c).  The Treasurer of the T'kasta shall
                                have charge of all the temple's funds and
                                shall report at each regular meeting the
                                state of the funds. In absence or incapacity
                                of the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer
                                shall assume the duties of the Treasurer;

                                (d).  The Ambassador of the T'kasta will be
                                the appointed and accredited representative
                                and authorized messenger of the T'kasta to
                                any and all outside organization and/or
                                beings.

                                        (1).  At no time will the Ambassador
                                        act without prior consent from the
                                        Council of the T'kasta.

                                (e).  The Council shall appoint a "Clerk" of
                                the Council. The Clerk of the Council shall
                                be responsible for keeping a true and
                                accurate account of the proceedings of all
                                meetings.

                                (f).  The Council shall also select an
                                assistant Clerk. He/she is governed by the
                                same laws as the Clerk of the Council.

                                        (1).  The Clerk shall provide a copy
                                        of any meeting to any member of the
                                        Inner Circle and the Council if they
                                        should desire one;

                                        (2).  If a Council vote seals a
                                        meeting, its records shall not be
                                        made available to any member of the
                                        T'kasta other then the members of
                                        the Council itself;

                                        (3).  If both the Clerk of the
                                        Council and the assistant Clerk are
                                        unable to be present at a meeting
                                        the Council shall elect a temporary
                                        replacement for them. Upon return of
                                        the Clerk and/or assistant Clerk,
                                        the temporary Clerk will send all

                                        (4).  In the event the Clerk is
                                        unable to return to duty, the
                                        assistant Clerk shall then become
                                        the Clerk;

                                        (5).  The Clerk will send a copy of
                                        ALL, sealed or unsealed, meetings to
                                        the assistant Clerk;

                                        (6).  The Council will always make
                                        sure that there is an active Clerk
                                        and a assistant Clerk.

			c.  Council Code of Ethics
                        This Code shall be followed, to the letter, by all
                        members of the Council of the T'kasta. Members of
                        the Council shall refrain from engaging in any of
                        the following activities:

                                (a).  Making personal commitments to any
                                organization that will create a conflict
                                with their duties of the Council;

                                (b).  Using their position to obtain
                                membership or special favors in the T'kasta
                                for members of their family or their
                                friends;

                                (c).  Entering into arrangements with temple
                                members, any outside organization or being
                                for compensation in matters that are before
                                the Council of the T'kasta;

                                (d).  Disclosing confidential information
                                acquired during the course of their official
                                duties;

                                (e).  Using this information to further
                                their personal interests;

                                (f).  Soliciting or accepting any gift under
                                any circumstances in which it could be
                                inferred that the gift was intended to
                                influence or reward the Council member for
                                official action;

                                (g).  Engaging in negotiations with
                                organizations doing business with or
                                proposing to do business with the T'kasta
                                without the knowledge and authorization of
                                the Council of the T'kasta.

			d.  Penalty for Misconduct

                                (a).  In addition to any penalty contained
                                in any other provision of the by-laws, any
                                Council member who knowingly and
                                intentionally violates any of the provisions
                                of this Code of the by-laws may, by majority
                                vote of the Council, be suspended from office
                                pending legal resolution of the matter.

                                (b).  The Council shall pick, at random from
                                its number, three members to form a
                                tribunal. This tribunal shall then sit in
                                judgment of any legal actions being brought
                                on a Council member. The judgment of this
                                tribunal shall be final;

                                (c).  This tribunal shall follow the rules
                                as set forth in Article V of these by-laws.

                                (d).  In the event of any judgment
                                of misconduct, misadministration, or
                                malfeasance of office, sentence will be
                                passed by a vote of the Tribunal. Sentences
                                can include but are not limited to the
                                following: expulsion, censure, demotion,
                                fines, servitude and removal from office.

                E.  Any member may be expelled from the T'kasta for breach
                of the by-laws of the temple.

                        a.  No member shall be expelled from the T'kasta
                        without having first had an opportunity to correct,
                        explain, or defend the breach.

                        b.  Expulsion from the T'kasta shall be at the
                        discretion of a duly appointed tribunal of the
                        Council as set forth in Article V of these by-laws.

                F.  From time to time, the Council may establish categories
                of membership other than the normal classes set forth here.

	2.  Inner Circle Membership

                A.  Attendance Requirements:  Any member of the Inner Circle
                that is absent for more then one (1) year without sending
                word to the Council shall have his/her name dropped from the
                active roster;

		B.  Fees and Dues:

                        a.  All Inner Circle members shall agree to
                        contribute one half of all gold they gain from any
                        temple related event to a duly appointed officer of
                        the Council.

                        b.  Said gold will be added to the temple funds to
                        help maintain and provide for the temple and its
                        many needs, but is not limited to such use.

                        c.  All Inner Circle members shall agree to report,
                        in detail, to the Council of any and all items of
                        power and/or history gained from any temple or
                        non-temple related events.

                        d.  There shall be no withholding of any information
                        gained by an Inner Circle member from any temple or
                        non-temple related event and/or beings from their
                        brothers and sisters in the Council or the Inner
                        Circle.

                C.  Qualifications:  The following qualifications will be
                applied to all who wish to enter the Inner Circle but are
                not limited to such;

                        a.  A true and total devotion to the goals and
                        beliefs of the T'kasta.

                        b.  A total separation from any affiliations to any
                        outside organizations and/or beings.

                        c.  They shall swear an oath to commit no acts of
                        treason, espionage or act as an agent for any
                        outside organizations and/or beings to bring harm to
                        or undermine the T'kasta.

                        d.  Anyone wanting to become an Inner Circle member
                        has to first join the Outer Circle.

		D.  Privileges:  Members of the Inner Circle:
                The following privileges are dependent upon the individual
                member's ranking within the Inner Circle.

                        a.  Full access to all present and future temple
                        grounds.

			b.  Access to the temple's training grounds.

                        c.  Access to all meetings of the Council and its
                        records of them unless so closed to them by
			order of the Council.

			d.  Open invitation to all temple events.

                        e.  Eligibility to become future Council members of
                        the T'kasta.

                E.  Ethics:  This Code shall be followed by all Inner Circle
                members of the T'kasta to the letter.  Members of the Inner
                Circle shall refrain from the following:

                        a.  Using their position in the T'kasta to obtain
                        special favors and/or membership for family or
			friends.

                        b.  Loaning out or selling any items or weapons to
                        others that were originally borrowed from the temple
                        or one of its members.

                        c.  Engaging in any activities that could
                        conceivably put the temple and/or any of its
                        membership at risk, be it legally, personally, and
                        fiscally but is not limited to such.

                        d.  Using confidential information gained from any
                        source relating to the T'kasta to further their
			own interests or those of others.

		F.  Penalty for Misconduct

                        a.  In addition to any penalty contained in any
                        other provision of the by-laws, any Inner Circle
                        member who knowingly and intentionally violates any
                        of the provisions of the Ethics Code, will be tried
                        by a Tribunal as oulined in Article V.

                        b.  The Council shall pick, at random from its
                        number, three members to form the  Tribunal.  This
                        Tribunal shall then sit in judgment of any legal
                        actions being brought on any member of the T'ksata.
                        The judgment of this tribunal shall be final;

                        c.  This tribunal shall follow the rules as set
                        forth in Article V of these by-laws.

                        d.  In the event of any judgment of misconduct,
                        misadministration, or malfeasance of office (if
                        applicable), sentence will be passed by a vote of
                        the Tribunal. Sentences can include but are not
                        limited to the following: expulsion, censure,
                        demotion, fines, and servitude.

		G.  Ranks:

			a.  Neophyte;
			b.  Disciple;
			c.  Master;
			d.  Grand Master;

	3.  Outer Circle:

		A.  Attendance Requirements:  None;

		B.  Fees and dues:

                        a.  All Outer Circle members shall agree to
                        contribute one half of all gold they gain from any
                        temple related event to a duly appointed officer of
                        the Council.

                        b.  Said gold will be added to the temple funds to
                        help maintain and provide for the temple and its
                        many needs, but is not limited to such use.

                        c.  All Outer Circle members shall agree to turn
                        over any and all items of power and/or history
                        gained from any temple related events and/or beings
                        to the Council of the T'kasta.

                        d.  Said items shall be given to the Council to use
                        and distribute as they see fit for the betterment
			and defense of the temple as a whole.

                        e.  There shall be no withholding of any information
                        gained by an Outer Circle member from any temple
                        related event and/or beings from the Council of the
                        T'kasta and the Inner Circle membership.

                C.  Qualifications for membership:  Anyone will be made
                welcome as an Outer Circle member as long as they
                demonstrate a true desire to follow the precepts of the Way.

                D.  All Outer Circle members will abide by the by-laws of
                the T'kasta as set forth here.

                        a.  They shall swear an oath to commit no acts of
                        treason or espionage nor to act as an agent for any
                        outside organizations and/or beings to bring harm to
                        or undermine the T'kasta.

                E.  Petition rights:  Outer Circle members may petition the
                Council regarding any legitimate matter;

                        a.  Said petition shall be filed with the Clerk of
                        the T'kasta Council and be acted on by the Council
                        in all due haste.

		F.  Ranking:  None;

                G.  Advancement:  Outer Circle members may become Inner
                Circle members;

                        a.  A sponsor for the prospective Inner Circle
                        member shall be sought from among the Inner Circle
                        or the Council itself, and a petition must be made
                        to the Council for advancement.

                H.  Privileges:  All Outer Circle members shall be welcome
                to attend temple events provided that such an event has not
                been barred to them by the Council.  Furthermore, they shall
                have full use of the temple in Fayd and its gardens for
                meditation and prayer.

Article IV:  Meetings
All Council meetings shall be open to the Inner Circle membership, except only
in those circumstances where confidential discussion is of the utmost
necessity.  The regular meeting of the Council shall be held on the first day
of each month.  In the event of a lack of a quorum, the regular meeting will
be postponed to a suitable time.

        1.  Special meetings may be called by any Council member or by a
        Council member upon  request of any T'kasta Inner or Outer circle
        member for the transaction of only such  business as stated in the
        call for the meeting.

Article V:  Rules of Procedure of the Council Tribunal.
These rules of procedure of the Council Tribunal for the T'kasta (hereinafter
called the Tribunal) are established by the proclamation of the Council of the
T'kasta.

	1.  Rule 1.  Chief Prosecutor and Court Reporter

                A.  The job of Chief Prosecutor shall be open to any member
                of the Council, who does not hold a seat in the Tribunal
                itself, and/or members of the Grand Master and Masters of
		the T'kasta.

                        a.  He/she shall initiate and carry out all legal
                        actions toward the accused to the best of his/her
			ability.

                B.  The job of the Court Reporter shall be open to any
                member of the Council, who does not hold a seat in the
                Tribunal itself, and/or members of the Grand Master, Master
		and Disciples of the T'kasta.

                        a.  The Court Reporter shall record and maintain
                        accurate records of all oral proceedings.

                        b.  Exhibits will be suitably identified and marked
                        with consecutive numbers.

                C.  The official Chief Prosecutor and Court Reporter shall,
                before commencing his/her duties, take an oath or make an
                affirmation according to the forms hereunder set out.

                        a.  Form of oath:  "I, (name and designation), will
                        not disclose or uncover any matter coming to my
                        knowledge in the course of my employment in
                        connection with the Tribunal for the T'kasta, except
                        to another person entitled to be informed of any
                        such matter or to the Clerk of the Council of the
                        T'kasta for matters of record."

	2.  Rule 2.  Notice to accused.

                A.  Each individual accused shall receive not less then
                fifteen (15) days to prepare their defense before the
                Tribunal begins to take evidence in trial against the
                accused.

                B.  Any individual accused shall be informed of the
                indictment against him/her and his/her right to retain
                counsel, specified by notice in such form and manner as the
                Tribunal may prescribe.

                C.  It shall be the responsibility of the accused to provide
                for his/her own defense counsel in all matters that concern
                the Tribunal.

                D.  Only one (1) counsel shall be heard at the trial for any
                accused unless by special permission of the Tribunal.

                        a.  The accused shall be allowed to be their own
                        counsel.

	3.  Rule 3.  Order at the trial.

                A.  Any accused or any other person may be excluded from
                open session of the Tribunal for failure to observe and
                respect the directives or dignity of the Tribunal.

	4.  Rule 4.  Witnesses.

                A.  Prior to testifying before the Tribunal, each witness
                shall take such oaths or affirmations to present the truth
                as is customary in his/her own organization, country and/or
                religions.

                B.  Witnesses, while not giving evidence, shall not be
                present in court without the permission of the Tribunal.
                Furthermore, they shall not confer among themselves before
                giving evidence.

Article VI:  Amendments
These by-laws maybe amended by a majority vote of the Council after the
amendment has been considered for two (2) meetings, providing the amendment
was stated in the call for the meeting. Upon ratification of an amendment to
the by-laws the Council shall inform the members of the T'kasta within a
week's time, using all means open to them.
