You read the writings of a man whose clockwork has been wound
too tightly, threatening to break and scatter its parts. For
those who've been out of Fayd or living with kobolds, I'll
describe the terrible events of the past week (as Fayd reckons
it). The darkness seems to wrap more tightly about my wife when
she is questioned, so perhaps this will spare her some anguish. 

It began in the Under Keep, where my sweet Estara was hunting.
She died fighting one of the creatures there, and by the time I
arrived it was too late. Phule had resurrected her as undead, to 
taunt me. But it was worse than that. Much worse. 

Some evil had corrupted her spirit. Estara's voice had gone 
cold, where once it was the warmth of a lover's kiss. I was sure 
that Phule had sunk his vile essence into her. He denied any 
such action, but I didn't believe him.

We have a history, Phule and I. When we met, he was merely a
dark aelf, awesome as an ancient living being who had lived for
many, many centuries. He hated humans, but somehow we got along, 
and were friends. We hunted the wastes together. 

I had always walked the path of light, but on joining Amilor I 
learned to shun those who walked in darkness and terminated my
friendship with Phule. I should mention he has no love of
Amilorians, either. Later, in a dispute over a potion, he
murdered my alchemy mentor and dear friend, Aban's wife Kalyn.

Since then he has become a lich, a skinless travesty of the 
undead. His fear of death had frightened him for so many 
centuries that he chose this course to fend it off. I don't know 
what final event drove him to it. Was death on his heels?

I'm sorry, I seem to be avoiding the painful present. After her
transformation, valiant friends joined me in a search of Ilzar
to rescue Estara from Phule's clutches, that we could restore
her to life. When we found her, she had eyes filled with hatred 
and death. Her icy voice stated that she was free now of the lie 
she had been living, and preferred to remain in her evil, undead 
state. She renounced all love for me. Pardon my shaky script. 

In seeking to free her, we were attacked. Phule and Xond killed 
my friends and skinned them. Meteors were brought down on me,
until I was near death. Then, that cursed Phule spurred my wife
to attack, to deliver the death blow. She fought it. Even near 
death, I rejoiced in the knowledge that Estara's love for me
still dwelled deep within her. She is an awesome fighter, but
was unprepared for battling the mystical darkness that gripped
her. She lost that inner struggle, attacked, and killed me. 

I know that it was not my Estara who did this. I love her no 
less, will never hold it against her. Yet I fear its memory will 
haunt my dreams for years to come. 

Rather than suffer skinning at their hands, I yielded my soul to 
Eternity and was reborn. I returned to Ilzar, and carried lovely 
Bluefire's lifeless body back to Fayd. I was healing Bluefire
when Estara appeared in the Bazaar and attacked again. I could
not bring myself to defend against her. I couldn't attack my own 
wife, nor would I let my friends attack her or suffer in
defending me again. I continued trying to heal Bluefire, and
perished while Estara laughed and drank my blood from her blade. 
Shrike dragged my corpse to a place of worship, where I was
resurrected. 

Estara called me to her, wishing to speak. When I joined her in 
Ilzar, she came into my arms, and then backstabbed me. I fled to 
keep her from killing me again. 

There are some tasks a man does not shirk. Estara needed to die, 
that she be born anew into life with Shemri's blessing. This 
deed I did not, could not, delegate. I dispatched her as quickly 
as I could. I am not proud of this. I wake up screaming with the 
memory of it. But it had to be done. Estara, please forgive me!
I will live with the pain of that the rest of my days. 

Jaina resurrected Estara in the temple of Amilor with Shemri's
blessing. My heart filled with joy that Estara no longer walked 
as undead. Yet... my joy was premature. The darkness within her
dwelled there still. Shadows came, came swelling up from the
floor of my own temple. Intangible, they swept into Estara and
swept her away. But not before reaching out an inky tendril to
touch Jaina with their darkness! I curse them for taking my 
wife. I curse them for soiling the purity of Jaina's soul.

Before her transformation, I had taught psionics to Estara,
explaining the principles of Intent, Focus and Willpower. She
uses those skills against me now. The psychic bond we've always
shared is stronger than ever. I can sense her presence when she
is near. She seems to keep finding me, taunting me, so I surmise
that she can locate me by this spiritual link as well. 

I have learned how strong the connection has become. The shadow
in Estara used this bond to reach out to me. Its icy touch
almost froze my will, preventing me from cloaking my mind.
Friends dragged me out of town, but neither far enough nor fast
enough. As darkness encroached on my soul, I killed myself with
an impalement device, letting my spirit soar where darkness
could not follow. I must now maintain my psionic shields, or
join my wife in evil. I miss her so, I'm almost tempted. 

Yet another consequence of this bond, of our hearts and minds
and souls being intertwined, is that now I feel the pain of any 
attacks that Estara may suffer. I did not believe this at first, 
but Jaina proved it by casting a globe of fire at Estara, with 
her consent. The burn to my head felt no less real than had I
been attacked personally. Then, Jaina did the same to me, and
Estara cried out in agony. We are joined, she and I. 

She seems calmer now. Rather than please me, it scares me to my 
core. At first she struggled against the darkness, and was
strident in its grip, I fear that she is losing the struggle.
Leander, who has reached an accomodation with the inner demon he 
carries, displays that same calmness. I must save Estara before
it's too late! 

The latest development I can disclose is of a strange set of
visions. The blurry image of a tunnel filled my sight. Over
mindlink, Estara accused me of playing some trick on her. Oakly
and I joined her in Ilzar, and Estara described the occurrence
while Xond observed. She said the vision of a puma had come to
her, a puma in a tunnel. The cat sat next to Xond and gazed at
her with gentle eyes, she said. Xond claims to have seen neither 
tunnel nor puma, yet he heard its growl. While she was relating
this, we all heard the cry of a large cat, and pebbles rolled
down the slope towards us. Its outburst and a smell of fresh air
(in Ilzar!) are all that I saw of it.

Another vision has been reported to me since then. A friend of a 
friend claims a vision came to him when Phule was casting the
spell to raise Estara as undead. As Phule chanted, a darkness
welled up behind him, which sank into Estara *and* Phule as he
cast the spell. If true, then Phule is to blame only for casting 
my wife into the realm of the nonliving. Still, this darkness
wouldn't have invaded her had he not been there. As for Phule... 
if he had a strange darkness in him, who could tell? 

That is how things stand as I write this. In the days to come, I 
pray one of those many seeking to save Estara will find out what 
really happened in Malthesia's Keep, and how she may be
redeemed. I had thought Phule was the key to her salvation, but
perhaps he is not. If so, I shall grind his bones to powder and
scatter the dust at sea. What I do goes against the teachings of 
Amilor, so I have left the temple rather than bring shame to it. 

May He forgive me for what I do.

Taliesin Pendragon
