INTRO
'Far to the north of Fayd is a strange valley, a land unknown to most of the world. My friend Shirla lives near there, and she has told me many stories of them.
'The Land of Trid is a small tropical country surrounded on three sides by mountains, with ocean on the fourth. 
'It is a primitive, isolated country where time follows a slower beat.
'The people of Trid are not like you and I. That is, unless you are three feet tall with bony knees and elbows, hairy feet and hairy hands.

SHIRLA
'As many of you know, I've had troubles with my telepathor. At one point, though, it allowed me to meet a young girl from a far land.
'Her implant could not contact our telepathors, but mine was acting up and allowed me to feel her thoughts.
'Shirla and her mother came from Abelarde. They tell stories of a valley near them called the Land of Trid.

STORE THRONES
reci Like other Trids, the Shan of Trid lived in a grass hut. However, the Shan's hut had two stories, as befitted the leader of the Trids.
reci Within this "palace" the Shan had a golden throne, encrusted with jewels. The throne had been presented to the Trids by a merchant ship that had run aground and been repaired by the Trids.
reci After awhile, word got around that the Trids had a golden throne in their Shan's house. Thieves began various attempts to steal the throne, but were unprepared for its weight.
reci Nevertheless, these failed attempts worried the Trids, so the Shan told everybody that he was going to give it away. Instead, he stored the throne in the attic upstairs.
reci One night, many weeks later, the Trids were woken up by a loud crash. A cry rang out from the Shan's house.
reci The throne's weight had weakened the attic, and it had crashed through the floor and descended upon the Shan in his bed, killing him instantly.
reci "Of course," thought the Trids. "People who live in grass houses shouldn't store thrones." 

THE FOO BIRD
reci The Trids worshipped a sacred bird named the Foo. The Trids believed that anything they got from the Foo was a gift from the gods, and they treasured the eggs, feathers and nests of the Foo bird.
reci Some lorekeepers were visiting the Trids one day, and set out by camel with a couple of Trids to observe the countryside.
reci As they were riding along, a Foo flew overhead. The Trids thought this was a good thing. The Foo relieved itself, and Foo fecal matter fell all over the camels, the Trids and the lorekeepers.
reci The Trids thought this was a good thing. The lorekeepers disagreed. 
reci After much discussion, the Trids and the lorekeepers compromised...
reci the lorekeepers could wipe the Foo's fallout off of themselves, and leave it on the camels.
reci The Trids were happy to continue covered in the stuff. 
reci Having cleaned themselves, the lorekeepers and set off down the road again.
reci They had barely gone a short distance when a tree fell across the road, killing the two lorekeepers instantly.
reci The Trids and the camels were totally unharmed. 
reci The Trids nodded knowingly. They said...
reci "If the Foo shits, wear it!"

FIT HIT THE SHAN
reci The Shan of Trid had a special guard with a special duty.
reci The Shan had a problem. He was subject to epileptic fits, and the state of medicine in Trid was such that the best that they could do was to have a guard on duty to shove a spoon in the Shan's mouth whenever he was struck by a fit.
reci The Shan's guard was a Trid named Lance. He was a good Trid, and very attentive to the Shan.
reci Under normal circumstances, Lance would have served a long and honorable career and retired to putter in his garden.
reci However, Lance found service to the Shan a trifle, shall we say, boring.
reci This, too, would not normally have been a problem, except for the presence of the Shan's concubines.
reci Lance was not a harem guard, so he was still equipped to appreciate these ladies. And they appreciated his condition.
reci One day, when Lance was supposed to be dutifully observing the Shan, he and a concubine were, um, appreciating each others condition.
reci This alone would not have led to anything worse than, say, dismissal. Trid's are very understanding people.
reci Due to an unfavorable set of circumstances though, Lance happened to be dallying when the Shan was over-come by an epileptic seizure.
reci It was a major seizure and, sad to say, the Shan succumbed to it. 
reci There was a hue and cry, and the Shan was put to rest with all due ceremony.
reci His son was coronated as the new Shan. At the same time, Lance was put to rest with a less favorable ceremony.
reci On his tomb was marked: He wasn't there when the fit hit the Shan. 

MISS MERCY
reci The Land of Trid had few visitors, so when a distinguished looking gentleman appeared one day, he had no trouble getting assistance.
reci "I'm looking for a Miss Mercy," he said in a scholarly voice. The gathered Trids quickly pointed the way to Miss Mercy's hut.
reci The gentleman rapped politely on the doorpost, and the door was opened by an old Trid woman.
reci She craned her head to look up at him, for at six feet he towered above her, and she inquired as to his desire. 
reci "Miss Mercy. I am a connoisseur of tea. I have traveled all over the world, sampling the finest tea, and have time and again been advised that if I were judge any tea, I would have to try yours."
reci "You have the distinction of being named the foremost brewer of tea on the planet. I have with me some fine teaware, which I offer you as a token of my esteem, and humbly request a cup of your famous tea." 
reci The old woman glowed under his praise, and bade him enter her hut. He stooped as low as he could, and sat upon a cushion before a small table. 
reci "I have heard of you, sir," said Miss Mercy, "and I've always wondered if you would find your way to my hut. If you will but wait a moment, I will brew a fresh pot for your pleasure." 
reci "Why certainly!" he replied, and soon the most wonderful aroma came wafting from the old woman's firepit. She brought a tray, set it before him, and poured a cup.
reci His eyes sparkled as he brought the cup to his lips, and he sighed with pleasure at the wonder of its smell. He took a taste, and another. 
reci "Mercy!" he said, "this is absolutely the finest tea to be had anywhere. What a waste that I have spent so many years without this tea!"
reci He sipped at his tea, and soon came to the bottom of his cup. He stared at it in surprise. 
reci "Why, there's a hair in my tea!" he exclaimed.
reci "Sir," she responded. "Since you are a gentleman and the leading expert on gourmet tea, I will confide my secret to you, one which nobody else knows.
reci The special ingredient that makes my tea stand out against all the rest, that gives it that special flavor and aroma, is the hair from a koala bear. Without it, this would be just another tea." 
reci "But, couldn't you strain it?" he asked.
reci Miss Mercy drew herself up to her full three foot height and stated haughtily...
reci "The koala tea of Mercy is not strained!" 

KICKS ARE FOR TRIDS
reci As I may have mentioned, the land of Trid is surrounded on three sides by steep mountains with the ocean on the fourth.
reci The Trid's main avenue of commerce was by way of a handmade bridge spanning a deep gorge, which led to my people's land.
reci The Trids supplied fish and rope, which they traded for fruit and grain. 
reci One day, as Trid's merchants made their way up the bridge, they were accosted by a troll. He jumped out and announced...
reci "Troll bridge!"
reci He then took their goods and kicked the poor little guys all the way across the bridge.
reci To their dismay, he stayed there from that day forward, and whenever they tried to ply their trade, he would kick them across the bridge.
reci Needless to say, this put a serious damper on the economy. 
reci The Trids did their best. They tried reasoning with the troll, they formed study committees, they sent their best hunters.
reci Even Trids will resort to violence as a last resort. But to no avail.
reci Finally, the Trids sent a party of mountain climbers over a treacherous mountain pass to consult with the wisest man they could find in the neighboring countries.
reci Time passed, and it was feared that the team was lost. But finally, after hope had been given up, there appeared a troop of ragged Trids, led by a bearded stranger.
reci The stranger headed directly to the bridge, followed by a cheering crowd of curious Trids.
reci They spoke among themselves about the stranger's long beard, his great height (he was five foot two), and his black robes and skullcap.
reci The crowd came to a halt as the stranger reached that point where the troll was known to appear. Which he did. 
reci "Who have we here?" asked the troll, jumping out from under the bridge. 
reci "It is only I," said the stranger, "Rabbi Shapiro. And you, Mr. Troll, how's by you?" 
reci "I'm hungry," said the troll. "I miss the food they used to bring me." 
reci "And vhy do you suppose they bring no food now?" 
reci "I don't know," professed the troll, shrugging.
reci "It is because you took their food and paid them with kicks," explained the rabbi. "Such a deal, they do not like."
reci The troll considered this a long time, and finally agreed to stop kicking the Trids if they would bring him food again.
reci "A vise decision," said the rabbi. "I haff one more question, Mr. Troll..." 
reci "Vhy is it, when I came up here, you did not kick me down the bridge like you always kicked the others?" 
reci "Silly rabbi," said the troll...
reci "kicks are for Trids!" 

BENNY THE TRID
'This is the story of Benny the Trid...
reci Benjamin was a young Trid who loved to roam the forests and beaches of his homeland.
reci One day, as Benny strolled along the shore, he stumbled over something hard buried in the sand.
reci He rolled only a short distance, and wandered back to see what had sent him on his trip.
reci From out of the wet sand Benny pulled an oddly-shapen urn of dark blue and purple ceramic with colors that ran across the surface like sunlight on a sheen of oil.
reci A stopper of the same metallic clay was tightly wedged with an amber-like substance.
reci Turning the urn over in his hands, Benny found inscribed this message: HE WHO WAITS WITHIN MUST THERE FOREVER REMAIN.
reci That was clearly a warning, but the Trids have clever minds and an inquisitive nature.
reci Benny KNEW that something interesting was in that bottle, and knew himself well enough to not even consider leaving the object where it lay.
reci In short, he pulled the cork. 
reci A foul smell was preceded by a hiss as ancient gasses were released into Benny's world.
reci The landscape wavered behind the escaping air like a distant horizon.
reci Dark wisps streamed from the open urn and condensed into a roiling cloud above Benny's head.
reci Benny fancied that he could discern facial features in the cloud.
reci He took a few steps backward as a rumbling emerged from the ever-thickening cloud.
reci What had been dark depressions metamorphosed into flashing eyes, and the bulbous extrusion was refined into a prominent nose.
reci From the source of the rumbling a gaping space took shape as a mouth. It bellowed at Benny.
reci "Five thousand years I have spent in that petty prison! FIVE THOUSAND YEARS!" 
reci The voice continued, "When imprisoned I vowed to grant a wish to whomever released me."
reci Benny's hairy ears pricked up at the mention of a granted wish. 
reci "BUT THEN!", continued the voice, "I grew angry that no-one would free me. I decided that no wish would I grant, but that their life would be spared my wrath." Benny's ears fell. 
reci "But after spending thousands of years in restraint, sealed off from the world, I grew bitter. And NOW, little man, I vent my frustration on YOU!"
reci "HEAR THIS!" bellowed the voice. "From this time forward, thou shalt not shave, nor cut your hair. You will know what it was like to spend your years without this simple courtesy.
reci And if you violate my command, you will find yourself in this bottle, as I was. Do you understand?" 
reci "Y-y-yes," stammered Benny. 
reci "Then SO BE IT!" thundered the voice, and with a flash of lightning the cloud disappeared along with the bottle.
reci As the years passed, Benny's hair grew. And grew. Puberty came, and still his beard grew and grew.
reci Mothers warned their children of the folly of playing with strange things, and Benny became a well-known feature of Trid, trailing his hair and beard behind him.
reci A laughing crowd of children followed Benny most places he went, and cats found joy in tangling his tresses. But Benny was firm in his resolve not to cut his hair. 
reci Years passed and Benny spent a somewhat normal life, having accepted being known as The Hairy Trid.
reci He married and had children, and watched his children grow. And still he abided by the warning. 
reci In old age, Benny grew weary of his plight. At night he would become entangled in his hair as he slept and wake up unable to move.
reci One day, old Benjamin could take it no more. 
reci News spread quickly through Trid that Benny was going to the barber. A crowd was waiting as he approached the barber's hut.
reci He could see the barber sharpening his razor with a gleam in his eye, a gleam polished by years of Benny's avoidance. 
reci Benny took a seat. The crowd drew its breath as the barber brought the razor to Benny's chin.
reci He cut once, and a lock of Benny's beard fell towards the ground. But before it could land, there was a thunderclap as Benny and his hair disappeared from the barber's hut.
reci Benny found himself crammed into a tight compartment with a foul smell, but the memory of that smell had survived from Benny's youth.
reci Benny heard a rumbling chuckle followed by the voice that also stirred old memories of an urn and a dark cloud.
reci "I warned you!" said the voice. "A Benny shaved is a Benny urnned!"
