         Jasmine's Ceremony for Taliesin and Estara

Love. It is that powerful attraction to all that we conceive or
fear or hope beyond ourselves... when we find within us the
chasm of an aching void and seek to awaken in all things the
values and aspirations that we experience within ourselves. 

If we reason, we would be understood; if we imagine, we would
that the airy children of our brain be born anew within
another's; if we feel, we would that another's nerves should
vibrate to our own, that the beams of their eyes should kindle
at once and mix and melt into our own, that lips of passionate
spirit should respond to lips quivering and burning with the
heart's best blood. 

This is Love.  This is the bond and the sanction which connects
not only male with female, but with every thing that exists.

Before us stand two who have found within each other this bond
called Love.  They invite us to share in celebration their
affirmation of the tenderness of spirit which binds them into
one.  As Shemri gives life and Amilor helps to sustain it,
together they create more than could be possible separately. 

Taliesin Pendragon, you stand before this gathering, before
Amilor and the other Gods of Light to publicly express your love 
for Estara Starr.  Speak boldly and without hesitation your
affirmation of the binding of spirit that you share. 

(Taliesin's vows and placing of the ring on Estara's finger
here)

Estara Starr, you stand before all present, Amilor and the other
Gods of Light to publicly express your love for Taliesin
Pendragon.  Speak boldly and without hesitation your affirmation
of the binding of spirit that you share.

(Estara's vows and placing of the ring on Taliesin's finger
here)

Having shared your commitments and bound them with the symbol of 
the ring, I consecrate these vows as High Priestess of Amilor
and call upon our Father, whose love has guided me and shown me
the path to Him, to give His blessing and love to Taliesin and
Estara as they begin their journey down the path that lays
before them. 

(Amilor passes His blessing)
