Race  Align  Name           Comment
       +     Aban           Amilor
             Adrianna
Human  +     Aeyria
             Aleathan       veteran
       -     Annabelle      veteran, friend of Taliesin
Human  +     Armoth         pirate
       +     Autumn         formerly of Amilor
Wlflng +     Blythe         veteran, friend of Taliesin
             Brook          veteran, healer, mage, rezzer
             Carter         veteran, psi, mage, funny
Wlflng +     Claire         Natasha's sister, friend of Taliesin, Amilor
             Conor          Healer, rezzer
Ephmrl       Corianin
Aelfen       Dara
Wlflng -?    Darkheart      loves Silverfire
Human        Delight
Wlflng       Demetrius      veteran mage, jerk, acquaintence of Taliesin
             Destrar
             Deveraux       veteran, attorney
             Dolkun
             Doomslayer
Hghlnd +     Drainpipe
Human? +     Durnik         priest of Rorin
Aelfen +     Foraker        forager mage, friend of Taliesin
Hghlnd +     Forb           Rorinite
Hghlnd +     Garin          veteran, vs. Korazon, mayor of Fayd
Wlflng +     Heart          veteran, friend of Taliesin
             Herark
       +     Jasmine        High Priestess of Amilor
Drakin       Jiyaj          Crimson Band
Human  +     Kalyn          friend of Taliesin
       +     Kardone        veteran, formerly of Amilor
Human  -?    Kimi           healer, friendly with Taliesin (and evils too)
Hghlnd +     Korazon        vs. Garin, veteran, church of Amilor
Hghlnd +     Kryedar        veteran, Sheriff of Fayd
Human        Lamentar
       +     Lianna         mage, forager, friend of Taliesin
       +     Lilly          veteran, friend of Taliesin
Human  +     Linnaeus       veteran, mage
       +     Maiko          psi, friend of Taliesin
             Markan
Human  +     Miria          Healer
             Morion         rezzer
             Nark
       +     Natasha        Claire's sister, friend of Taliesin, Amilor
Human  +     Nord           Priest of Rorin
       -     Phule          veteran, really old, distant friend of Taliesin
Hghlnd       Remachen
       +     Revenge        Amilor
Hghlnd       Rhune
             Roc
Hghlnd +?    Rose
       -     Saryon         veteran, Very evil
       -     Scalper        skinner, rezzer, acquaintence of Taliesin
             Schrodingerscat veteran
Human  +     Sharon         Weaver
       -     Sierron        veteran, evil
             Silence
Wlflng -?    Silverfire     loves DarkHeart
       +     Shane          veteran, Precept of Amilor
             Skurge
Human        Sun
Human  +     Taliesin       psi healer
Human? +     Tempus         veteran, forester, friend of Taliesin, gnomish
Human  +     Thalion        veteran, Paladin of Shemri, friend of Brook
D Aelf -     Tyldak         distant friend of Taliesin
       +     Valkyri
       -     Vlad           veteran, undead, distant friend of Taliesin
D Aelf -     Winnowill      friend of Taliesin, mate of Tyldak?
Human        Xman
Wlflng       Xond
Drakin       Zhou
             Zorha          veteran, Queen of Fayd, psi
             
=============================================================================

You see Aban Dug, Knight of Amilor. He is a mature male highlander.
He is very short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has hazel eyes, olive skin and shoulder length black hair.
He is wearing a brown leather satchel, an icy fur beltpouch, a sharkhor leather
pouch, a randar necklace, a white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of
justice in shimmering elkyri, some eldritch titanium armor, an eldritch helm, a
heavy silver signet ring of the Servants of Cytherin, a psychedelic purple
cotton pouch, a golden amulet with a silver wave inscribed upon it, an oddly
shaped ring shaped from the claws of a tiny red crab, a gulivira skin cloak and
some deeplander boots.

You see Abracax --, a mature male human.
He is tall, average weight and muscular.
He has blue eyes, pale skin and shoulder length black hair.
He is wearing an enchanted helm, some boots and some enchanted leather armor.
He has a well trimmed black goatee

You see Aeyria Hiehthu, a young female human.
She is tall, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has blue eyes, tan skin and long, flowing golden blond hair.
She is wearing a diamond brooch, a snow-white fur cloak, some jade earrings, a
jade bangle, an eldritch helm, a dark black ebony pin carved in the shape of a
spruce pine, a snow-white fur beltpouch, some deeplander boots, an alexandrite
studded pendant, a jade barrette, a sparkling silver amulet of the Chosen One,
some eldritch light mail, a glowing amulet carved into the shape of a pegasus
in flight and a silver ring.
She is honored to be the Chosen One.

You see Autumn Huecuva, a mature female human.
She is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has hazel eyes, porcelain skin and long, flowing auburn hair.
She is wearing an ivory chantilly lace bodystocking which provocatively
highlights her curvaceous form, some black leather high-heeled hipboots which
stretch tautly across her well-developed calves, a white gold ring inset with a
sapphire, an emerald bracelet, a funky gold amulet that will temporarily
replace lost thingies, a slim antique ivory hairpin topped with a sphere of
gold and etched with flowers, a dark amulet with the image of a stern-faced man
on the front, a gas mask, a spider skin g-string and some white gold earrings.

You see the imposing form of Bruno. His rippling muscles extend from his
broad shoulders to his massive arms. Dark brown hair, with streaks of gray,
frames a handsome face with eyes of blue that echo years of experience.

You see Camorra Amadaus, Duchess of Fayd. A seductive young woman, her tiny
body moves with deadly grace within the shadows. She has intimate emerald
eyes and white golden hair falling in soft curls below her waist.
She is wearing a braided ring of alzyron and silver, a well-tailored white
leather trenchcoat, a supple white elkyri circlet, some flawless white elkyri
armor crafted of interlocking, crescent plates of the shimmering metal, some
silvered white elkyri gauntlets jointed with wires of hardened gold, a white
diamond anklet with a ruby clasp, a delicate ivory waist sash, some thigh-high
white leather boots, some soft white gloves, an elegant white gold torc, a
hooded white cloak spun from starlight, a shimmering white robe of a simple
design, some bracers engraved with the Silver Oak surrounded by a circle formed
from storm clouds, a wide black belt, some scarlet bracers and a ruby inset
ring of honor.

You see Carter Ullioth, a mature male human. He has tan skin, short disheveled
dark brown hair and questionable fashion sense. His green eyes seem to take a
delighted interest in everything, at least until his attention lapses.
He is wearing a pretty blue t-shirt with the writing,"Faydian Maypole, 1026",
under an image of Carter at a fountain, a shiny blue pin with "Save our friends
the racoons! They're cleaner than most of us.", a cheap plastic watch, a
glimmering white gold pendant, some silver earrings, a black leather satchel,
some fuzzy brown racoon slippers with each one holding one half of a dead fish
in its mouth, a red sash of The Order of the Way, some diamontine and titanium
bracers, a horrible tie with purple cherubs against a background of lime green,
an eldritch helm, some chartreuse poplin pants, an icy silver wedding ring and
a delicate gold locket with tiny diamonds inset into the case in the shape of a
heart.

You see Claire Summer, a mature female wolfling.
She is short, light weight and muscular.
She has gray eyes, fair skin and short, wavy golden blond hair.
She is wearing a white gold ring inset with a diamond, a glittering gold
engagement ring with diamond dust imbedded within blue emeralds that rise and
fall like waves, a battered old silver medal commending the wearer for bravery
in some long-forgotten battle, some eldritch leather armor, a golden circlet
with a silver wave inscribed upon it, some deeplander boots, a gleaming black
tattoo of a vulture perched atop a black cross etched on her right ankle, a
white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of justice in shimmering elkyri,
a silver talisman, a forest brown cloak covered with many pictures of small
animals, some kneepads, a sapphire inlaid gold necklace, some diamond earrings
and a smooth red leather beltpouch.

You see Corianin Delynav, a mature male ephemeral.
He is tall, light weight and insubstantial.
He has blue eyes, dark skin and short black hair.
He is wearing a leather poncho, a glass amulet and a black tunic.
His brilliant blue eyes are a startling contrast to his insubstantial form.

You see Dara Lundy, a mature female aelfen.
She is of medium height, light weight and incredibly muscular.
She has hazel eyes, fair skin and short, wavy light brown hair.
She is wearing a white gold anklet, a white shroud, some eldritch leather
armor, a white doeskin beltpouch, some deep brown doeskin shoes, a deep brown
doeskin backpack, a shimmering blue crystal amulet, an eldritch helm, a simple
gold bracelet whose sparkling surface quickly catches your eye, an alexandrite
nosering, a blue silk pouch and a magenta doeskin satchel.

You see Darkheart Wildchild, a mature female wolfling.
She is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has gray eyes, dark skin and long, flowing silvery hair.
She is wearing a black gold pendant in a twisted shape that is impossible to
completely focus upon, some black leather gloves with a grinning skull stitched
into the backs of the hands, an ancient robe as dark as death, stained with
fresh blood at the hem, some eldritch light mail, some knee-high black leather
boots wrapped in strong silver chains, a shimmering black cape seemingly shaped
from the very stuff of shadows which seems to caress her figure and an
ensorcelled helm.
Sleek as death, with an ageless quality, her eyes  measure you carefully.

You see Delight d'Marcan, a mature female human.
She is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has brown eyes, tan skin and shoulder length, wavy dark brown hair.
She is wearing some diamond inset platinum earrings, an alexandrite bracelet,
an organdy ribbon, some ensorcelled titanium mail, an eldritch helm, some hard
leather boots, some lace stockings, an alexandrite necklace, a jade anklet and
a blue leather sack.

You see Drainpipe Stokavlk, a mature male highlander.
He is very short, average weight, and is missing an ear and his left pinkie.
He has gray eyes, rosy skin and unkempt dark brown hair.
He is wearing some eldritch leather armor, a shimmering amulet, a cerulean
crystal pendant, some sharkhor hide gloves, a shiny little silver pin of a
happy lazy lizard with crossed eyes and a silly grin on its face, a black
leather trenchcoat, a backpack, a moonstone encrusted helm, a khaki leather
beltpouch, some deeplander boots and an inky black leather duster.

You see Durnik, Priest of Rorin. His strong hands are calloused from working
daily at the forge. Skin, deeply tanned from Rorin's fiery gaze, hazel eyes and
long dark brown hair graying at the temples are also his.
He is wearing a small leather holster, a sunburst yellow brocade sash, a golden
satchel trimmed with fiery silver threads with a brilliant sunburst sewn on the
sides, a small metal pin with BKTYFF written on it, some eldritch leather
armor, a shimmering golden silk robe trimmed in fiery red with a brilliant
sunburst on the back surrounding a heart, a jade amulet, some deeplander boots,
a truesteel heavy amulet and an eldritch helm.

You see Farseer Stormshield, a sipahi of the desert clans. He has a compact
build and walk of a horseman. Penetrating hazel eyes smile at you over the
black mask formed by the tail of his haik. His curly beard and hair are auburn.
He is wearing some deeplander boots with high tops lined with werewolf fur, an
emerald inset mirmach medallion, a white silk pouch, a green doeskin satchel
emblazoned with the image of a Thunderbird in full, living color, some steel
plate shoulder guards with dozens of leather straps and shiny brass buckles, a
simple green leather garment embossed with the silver oak symbol of the
Foresters, a long hooded desert robe with flowing sleeves which cover the arms
to the elbows, some randar thigh guards carefully inlaid with silver and
polished to a high shine, a holy white albescent pin carved in the shape of a
spruce pine and a black leather helm.

You see Firestar Ironheart, a Gnomish Woodsman.
He's a very, very short wrinkled little person with an extremely
large nose, twinkling eyes and a long gray beard.
He is wearing a torn feather, a scabbard decorated with carvings of dragons
with sparkling ruby eyes, a gold amulet, a delicate ring made entirely of
thorns, a diamontine fingersight, a gray forester cap, a floor-length dark gray
cape fringed with golden thread and emblazoned with a golden owl sigil, some
randar bracers which are highly polished, with precisely riveted edges, a gray
leather pouch, an emerald inset silver medallion engraved with a guardian gnome
standing beside a large silver oak tree, a gray leather beltpouch, a gray
leather beltpouch, some black leather boots with brass eyelets and thick
leather laces, some light gray forester armor emblazoned with a silver oak tree
with hundreds of birds of prey perched on it and some gray gloves with silver
oaks on them, layered with a fine elkyri mesh.
His feet are soaking wet.

You see Foraker Salonanon, a mature male aelfen.
He is of medium height, light weight and muscular.
He has gray eyes, tan skin and short silvery hair.
He is wearing some deeplander boots, some deep brown cotton socks, a blue
cloak, an eldritch helm, some eldritch leather armor and a fiery silver
engagement ring.

You see Forb Guttifer, a mature male highlander.
He is very short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has blue eyes, olive skin and long, braided light brown hair.
He is wearing some ursine fur gloves, some eldritch titanium armor emblazoned
with Rorin's Orb and Swords in a dazzling burst of golden color, some linen
socks, a fiery gold badge engraved with the image of a blazing sun gripped
within a gleaming golden hand, some shimmering silver bracers carefully held
together with golden rivets, an eldritch helm, a blank white silk cloak
embroidered with a gold sunburst surmounted by a hand and some white leather
boots that come up to mid-calf, with large golden clasps.

You look down upon Garin Stonehand, Mayor of Fayd and Captain of the Queen's
Guard.  He's a cheerful highlander with an odd sense of humor.  His dark eyes
find laughter in everything.  His long hair is tied back in a ponytail.
He is wearing some black light mail crafted of rings woven over hard leather, a
well-worn steel helm adorned with two, perfectly preserved soultaker horns set
in elkyri, some black leather gloves with the image of a sword emblazoned in
red on the back of each, a white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of
justice in shimmering elkyri, some deeplander boots bearing intricate silver
clasps formed into the shapes of flying eagles, some faint purple randar
gauntlets with a distinctly greenish cast, a wedding ring of purest gold
encrusted with brilliant rubies, a ruby studded silver ring of the Crimson
Band, a white metal talisman in the shape of the Open Hand of Shemri, a
glistening pin in the shape of a snowman with "I balled!" written in ice, some
green albescent bracers polished so you can see your reflection, tinted green,
in their shiny surface, a gold pin of a golden eagle clutching a ruby serpent,
a huge glowing purple button reading, "Vote Garin in '26 or he'll kill you",
some ruby inlaid bracers, some polished steel shoulder guards engraved with the
figure of an eagle with outstreched talons on each shoulder, some delicate
steel-rimmed spectacles, a radiant white robe which shimmers with an inner
light, a tiny tin medallion with Garin and Korazon standing side by side in
enmity and a large silly plush pouch made to look like a short squat goblin,
with a zippered mouth for an opening.

As you look on Immanuel Lawson blood red eyes  burn through you and
you sense the power and wisdom of the Ancient Dragons, which rest in
him.
He is wearing a medal of valor from the Order of the Way, a delicate ring made
entirely of thorns, a white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of justice
in shimmering elkyri, a sepia leather beltpouch, an engraved gold pendant
shaped like a pair of crossed katanas, a pearl inlaid helm, a polished diamond
medallion of a Drakin and a Dragon standing side by side in friendship, some
dark green deeplander boots marked with the symbol of the order of the way and
a red sash of The Order of the Way.
His feet are soaking wet.

You see Jasmine Abeya, High Priestess of Amilor.  The purple mark of a
butterfly's wing on her cheek makes her green eyes shine with compassion and
strength.  She has long, auburn hair braided neatly over one shoulder.
She is wearing a heavy silver signet ring of the Servants of Cytherin, some
deeplander boots, a coral earcuff, a faerie pin, a gold medallion, some heavy
steel gauntlets etched with red swirls of magical flame, some forest green wool
gloves, a forest green satchel, a green cloak, some silvery bracers with golden
suns engraved onto each bracer, a light olive titanium ring, a brown and tan
feather which dances in the wind, some forest green cotton socks and some soft
green leather armor formed from supple tree branches and a myriad of vibrant
oak leaves.

You see Jiyaj Be', a young male drakin.
He is short, huge and incredibly muscular.
He has green eyes and his scales are jet black with violet splotches.
He is wearing a malachite necklace, a shimmering silver dragon tattoo in flight
on his chest, teeth bared in a roar, a crimson leather backpack, an eldritch
helm, a small metal pin with BKTYFF written on it, some fluffy pink slippers
with cute little bunny faces with swept back ears and plastic googly eyes and a
crimson band initiate ring.

You see Lord Joqain Visogoth, General of Fayd.
He is tall and slender with an indifferent smile.
He has black eyes, fair skin and pony-tailed shoulder length silvery hair.
He is wearing a glittering alzyron ring formed from the powerful matter of the
four elements that bind the world, a simple medallion on a heavy gold chain,
some gulivira skin boots, a fiery silver torc surrounded by a faint glowing
nimbus of pale fire, an illusionist's pouch, some glossy black aelfen armor
trimmed with polished silver, a midnight black cloak, a trenchcoat, an aelfen
crafted gold pentagram suspended from a braided rope of slender strands of
sterling silver, some steel bracers, a silvered steel pentagram hanging from a
polished chain of purest gold, a dark robe threaded with white gold, some runic
bracers woven with strands of silver, an intricately tooled leather pouch, a
silver ring which shimmers faintly with pinpoints of light, some black silk
gloves that fit snugly on the hands, some ring mail gauntlets fortified with
randar, some shimmering spurs and a wide-brimmed black hat with a scarlet band.

You see Joshua Matrana, an aging male human.
He is of medium height, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has brown eyes, tan skin and short, wavy light brown hair.
He is wearing a sea blue leather beltpouch, some eldritch leather armor, a
black leather quiver, a black doeskin satchel, a blood red leather beltpouch,
an enchanted helm, a glowing amulet carved into the shape of an owl in flight,
an onyx ring and some deeplander boots.

You see Kalar Meyer, a mature female human.
She is of medium height, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has green eyes, tan skin and long, wavy sandy blond hair.
She is wearing some worn tiger fur boots with heavy brass clasps, an emerald
studded earcuff, a delicate platinum bracelet studded with tiny sparkling
emeralds, some honey blossoms, some emerald green lace stockings, a gold
necklace, a tiger fur duster, an obsidian amulet, a platinum skull cap engraved
with mystic runes, some eldritch leather armor, an emerald anklet, an emerald
inset gold ring and an emerald green silk gown that flows softly about her
body, with two diamond clasps at the neckline.

You see Kalyn Kandelmaker, a serious young human with sky blue eyes. Her slight
frame, pale skin and the scorched whisp of short white hair tucked behind one
ear hint at long hours spent inside the alchemy lab.
She is wearing some eldritch titanium armor, some deeplander boots, a heavy
silver signet ring of the Servants of Cytherin, a shimmering talisman and a
diamond inset platinum nosering.
She is actually wearing Armor!  what next?

You see Kimi Toyo, a young female human.
She is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has brown eyes, porcelain skin and pony-tailed black hair.
She is wearing a heavy silver panther bracelet with gold spots and ruby eyes,
some shiny black shoes crafted in the mary-jane style, a short blue plaid skirt
which shows off a large amount of her shapely legs, some white cotton socks,
some mysterious purple copper sunglasses, a pale pink lace ribbon and a
short-sleeved white cotton blouse with a peter pan collar.

You see Korazon MountainMover, a brave-looking male highlander. His muscular
body has been hardened and toned. His noble face is battle-scarred though still
retains an impish grin. He meets your look with a determined gaze.
He is wearing some heavy titanium armor inscribed with the silver wave of
Amilor on a field of small, scale-like shapes, a ruby signet ring, a worn
seashell skin satchel, a gold and silver circlet sculpted into stormclouds
which swirl in a thunderous battle, some titanium thigh guards with raised
ridges all over their polished surface, some finely crafted golden gauntlets
covered with a thin network of clear ice crystals, some rugged leather gloves
lined with cotton and trimmed with an embroidered pattern of breaking waves,
some deeplander boots with tiny bite marks near the soles, some icy silver
bracers whose thin filigree has small particles of ice clinging to it and a
dark cape of swirling black and gray mist.
He has a glow about his face, and walks with a spring in his step.

You see Krista Runyon, Knight of Amilor. Her hair of spun gold hangs straight
to her waist, framing her lithe aelfen body. She has pale skin
with a touch of rose in her cheeks and vivid sparkling blue eyes.
She is wearing a white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of justice in
shimmering elkyri, a mysterious black robe with ruby-colored runes embroidered
along its seams, a black cloak embroidered with a silvery pentacle, some silver
bracers formed from flexible links, some ietain steel bracers, a shiny helm
made of a mysterious substance that has gold threads running through it, some
leather armor with straight silver lines traced all along it, a red crystal
pendant, a light blue dress woven from the mist of the passionate sea, its
pattern flowing with the wind, an intricate gold wedding ring infused with
shimmering silver, blue and green strands in a wave-like pattern, an anklet of
purest sapphire which glows softly from within, a cobalt blue silk ribbon that
seems to shimmer and dance with threads of red and yellow fire, some white
doeskin slippers woven from the sparkling mist of the beautiful sea, a golden
amulet with a silver wave inscribed upon it, a transluscent blue negligee that
seems hardly more than a hint of silvery mist, a sea blue silk robe decorated
with a scene of Amilor rising from the sea as he smiles at the Merfolk and a
gold ring with tiny streaks of ruby running through it.
Crystal blue eyes impishly gaze at you from under long lashes of gold.

You see Kryedar Alzyron, the Sheriff of the City of Fayd. Messy hair, unkempt
clothing, and doughnut crumbs lodged in his jet black beard lend a sense
of scruffiness to the otherwise serious Highlander.
He is wearing a glowing amulet, some albescent gauntlets carefully polished and
inset with a huge moonstone, some titanium thigh guards sprinkled with small
moonstones, some diamontine bracers studded with sparkling diamonds, some
elkyri shin guards emblazoned with the royal seal of Fayd, a black crystal
talisman, some glittering gold enamelled armor engraved with "Sheriff Alzyron"
beneath the crest of the City of Fayd, an ivory necklace, a platinum badge of
the Sheriff of Fayd, a black cloak embroidered with a large crimson cross, a
shiny black helmet that looks technologically advanced, some dark rat fur boots
with large claws at the toes, some long rat fur gloves with long clawed fingers
and a black leather belt with many rat parts hanging from it.
He is wielding an eldritch diamontine shield and a fiery randar deeplander
battleaxe with an edge of sharpened diamond, surrounded by a faint aura of
fire.
Take advantage of him.  He's been in a good mood since getting new donuts.

You see Lamentar Lightfarer, a mature male human.
He is tall, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has gray eyes, fair skin and shoulder length, wavy light brown hair.
He is wearing a forest green leather cloak, some eldritch titanium armor, an
enchanted helm and a gold amulet.
He is wielding an eldritch diamontine shield and a fiery steel broadsword.

You see Linnaeus Wanderfar, a mature male human.
His grey eyes are bright and tinged with sparks of emerald green.
He has shoulder length gray hair, fair skin and a warm smile.
He is wearing a sparkling crystal locket in the shape of a pair of faerie wings
and a gray cotton robe.
He is wielding a carved rosewood mysterious pipe decorated with images of
cavorting nymphs and satyrs.
He seems less tired, more vibrant and alive.

You see Lukas deCameron, Knight of Belinda's Kingdom, Headmaster of the
Institute of Enlightenment and Protector of Children. He is vivacious,
intelligent and hopeful. It is difficult to tell his age.
He is wearing a heavy silver signet ring of the Servants of Cytherin, some cool
elkyri bracers whose smoothly polished surface has a thin coating of ice, some
leather covered deeplander boots lined with sheep's wool and some arcane azure
leather armor glittering with tiny silver bolts of lightning.

You see Maiko Ullioth, a young female human.
She is of medium height, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has green eyes, tan skin and long, flowing sandy blond hair.
She is wearing a pink plaid denim backpack, an icy silver wedding ring inset
with a single flawless diamond, a shimmering white silk gown with thin straps
criss-crossing the plunging diamond-outlined neck and back, a sheer black silk
negligee that is backless and has a deep slit revealing most of the right
thigh, some sharkhor hide boots, an eldritch helm, a silver anklet, a silver
brooch, some diamond earrings, some eldritch titanium armor, a sharkhor hide
pouch, a diamond studded hairpin and an evil ring.

You see before you Markan ConDion, a tall man of thick heavy musculature whose
casual readiness does nothing to hide the aura of a predatory animal. Wavy red
hair falls to his shoulders and his remaining eye has a hard look to it.
He is wearing a navy-blue wool dress uniform of the Crimson Band with gold
buttons, a silver leaf collar and crimson cape, a black leather belt with an
elkyri belt buckle in the shape of a fierce eagle, some polished black leather
boots with silver clasps, some crisp white ursine-skin gloves, a diamond
encrusted silver ring, a ruby studded silver ring of the Crimson Band, a beaded
obsidian necklace with exactly seven ursine claws spaced evenly along it and a
black leather satchel with silver clasps.
A bandage covers his left eye totally and a fresh cut divides his cheek.

You see Miki Daak, a chubby little boy who is just barely out of the toddler
stage.  Pale blond hair, usually messy, tumbles about his face and blue eyes.
He seems to be a cheerful child, always beaming.
He is wearing some fuzzy brown slippers which resemble eekeys with a happy grin
and mischevious glinting eyes, a green and red cap with bells and tassles on
it, a tunic, a randar ring, a silver wolf shaped ring and a tiger fur sash.

You see Miria Lilair, a growing young girl with a quiet smile and emerald eyes
that reflect a wisdom beyond her tender years. Her soft red hair falls to her
shoulders, delicately brushing against her birthmark, two intertwined serpents.
She is wearing a snow-white velvet cloak with a deep hood and a star ruby clasp
at the throat, a white silk ribbon that flutters in the wind forming a small
blur, some black breeches, a white gold pin bearing an image of the scales of
justice in shimmering elkyri, an emerald green amulet formed from a circle of
beautiful leaves with silvery veins and a purple cotton t-shirt.

You see Miriam Ravenwood, a distinguished female vampire with a cold glint
in her icy grey eyes. Her straight, jet black hair is brushed back from her
forehead, the grey streak at her temple accentuating her pallid complexion.
She is wearing a white gold ring, a black silk wristlet, some long black satin
gloves, a deep black magician's robe shrouded in a nimbus of pale blue flames,
a perfectly spherical jade pendant polished to a high shine and hung from a
gold chain, a glistening black sheath made from spider-skin, a flowing black
silk gown covered with tiny onyx chips that shimmer and shine with every
movement, some knee-high boots, a white gold hairpin, a platinum engagement
ring with delicate golden leaves surrounding a sparkling diamond, an icy
shadowsteel pendant exquisitely carved into a startlingly lifelike raven
suspended on a leather cord, some jet black leather armor covered with black
needle-sharp vines, a silver medallion shaped into a pentegram, a shimmering
gray silk pouch with a silver clasp in the shape of a raven's head, an ebony
spidersilk robe with an intricate array of silvery runes embroidered upon its
entire length, a wide black velvet collar with a single enormous square ruby
set in the front, a delicate electric helm which envelops the wearer's head in
a force shield and some long platinum earrings set with large square rubies.

You see High Enchantress Nissa Rhapsody of the Silver Arcana. She is a young
aelfen with feminine curves gracing her lithe body. Her flowing auburn hair
frames her soft, lavender eyes. Her rosy skin matches her blushing demeanor.
She is wearing a black velvet cloak lined with satin and embroidered with pale
red roses, a pendant of an aelf surrounded with mystic energy and a soft rose
silk gown that gently caresses and follows the movement of her legs.

You see Nord Stormhand. The steel blue eyes of the scribe are filled with
profound sadness. A scar marks his weathered but youthful face on the left
cheek. A tangle of brown hair falls to his shoulders, braided and tied.
He is wearing some randar shoulder guards inlaid with brilliant fiery silver
which glows faintly red, some eldritch leather armor with light plates of
randar metal over the shoulders, arms, and thighs, some silver dragon scale
bracers whose polished irridescent surface splits the light into a dazzling
rainbow, a white silk pouch, a tarnished silver ring with faded engraving, a
worn leather sheath hung from a circle of steel engraved with an open hand at a
sunburst's center, some randar bracers streaked with rivers of flowing silver
forming a web of glinting light, a quartz ring, a bronze medallion, a jade
talisman, some fiery silver mail gloves emblazoned with Rorin's Sun and Swords
sigil, a visored helm with a blazing sunburst emblazoned on the brow, a white
silk robe trimmed with gold and embroidered with a brilliant sun orbited by
seven swords, some worn rakshasha hide boots with tarnished gold clasps and
some gleaming memarin gauntlets.
He is extremely pale

You see Polly, a pretty young woman with golden hair that cascades
down to her shoulders in loose curls. Her heavily lashed eyes are a
brilliant green and a hint of a blush caresses her fair cheeks.
She is wearing a filmy figure flattering gown clinging tightly to her every
sensous curve and exposing her leg with every move.
There is a tattoo of a swan surrounded by white roses on her upper arm.

You see Remachen Lodestar, a young male highlander.
He is very short, average weight and muscular.
He has brown eyes, pale skin and long, flowing black hair.
He is wearing an emerald yarin medallion, a gray velvet hooded cloak trimmed
with soft white fur, some enchanted leather armor and an enchanted helm.
He is wearing the emblem of an Apprentice Alchemist, Be Gentle.

You see Rhune Mason, an aging male highlander.
He is very short, average weight and robust.
He has brown eyes, tan skin and shoulder length silvery hair.
He is wearing a snow-white leather satchel, an iron ring, a bone ring, some
boots with fine yeti fur encasing the upper part of each, some blue breeches, a
glowing necklace, a dirty brown leather pouch, a crimson velvet hat with a
bright red plume fastened to it, a brilliant blue sharkhor-skin jacket and a
blue crystal medallion.
Ale is always in demand

You see Rose Thornflower, a young female highlander.
She is very short, light weight and incredibly muscular.
She has hazel eyes, rosy skin and long, braided black hair.
She is wearing some eldritch titanium mail, a silvery metal belt, an eldritch
helm and an alexandrite studded hairpin.

You see Sharon Sanders, a petite human about 23 with dark-blond hair.
Blue-gray eyes gaze out at you with kindness, but they also hold a
deep longing.
She is wearing a simple silver necklace inset with a single large moonstone, a
malachite medallion, some white wool stockings, some brown leather sandals, a
brown wool robe, a red doeskin pouch, a sheath, a forest green leather cloak, a
brown leather hood, a bronze pendant, a bronze pendant, a brown leather satchel
and a brown poplin satchel.
She is quite attractive, but her true beauty shines out from within.

You see Silverfire D'frost, a mature male wolfling.
He is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has gray eyes, dark skin and long, flowing silvery hair.
He is wearing a deep hooded cloak as dark and supple as night, caressing his
body like the shadows around him, a black crystal amulet, a blue crystal
pendant, an eldritch helm, some eldritch leather armor, a copper nosering, a
fuzzy kitten skin beltpouch, some knee-high deeplander boots, some smooth black
leather gloves and a quartz amulet.
His deep silvery eyes catch your glance with a wicket yet passionate stare.

You see Sun Light, a young female human.
She is short, average weight and incredibly muscular.
She has green eyes, fair skin and long, flowing red hair.
She is wearing a red leather pouch, some silver earrings inset with a brilliant
fire opal, some enchanted leather armor, some black silk stockings, a red silk
ribbon, a shimmering necklace, an ivory necklace, some leather hipboots and an
alexandrite ring.
Her eyes are like tiny sunbeams, and her red hair shines in the sunlight.

You see Tashina Moyabar, a captivating aelfen female. Roughtly cut shoulder-
length auburn hair frames the delicate featuers of her ebony hued face. Her
steel gray eyes suggest a strength which cannot be measured.
She is wearing an ebony silk dress, a diamond ring and some jade earrings.
Something about her shy, reserved demeanor disturbs you.

Taylor Quicksilver is a tall woman who meets your gaze with a mischievous
twinkle in her emerald eyes. Flame-colored hair frames lovely features of
fair skin marred slightly by a small ritual scar on her right cheek.
She is wearing a polished teak barrette carved into the shape of a sleeping
tiger, a carved bracelet inset with eight scarab charms carved from gemstones,
some gleaming gold earrings hung with sapphire pendants, a silver pendant of a
rose, a diamond anklet, a golden amulet with a silver wave inscribed upon it,
some eldritch leather armor embroidered with a perfect silver rose, a silver
eldritch helm etched with a single, long stemmed rose, a hued crimson ring,
some black doeskin gloves, a silver bracelet engraved with two entwined vines
of darker silver, each with many tiny leaves, a white gold wedding ring with
firey opals and sparkling aquamarines encircling it in a wave pattern, some
black leather boots which come up over her knees with silver buckles down the
sides and a close-fitting robe whose subtle color shifts slightly with her
every move.

You see Tempus Evilbane, Knight Errant of the Silver Oak and a Master Forester.
He is a little man whose features have been forged into those of a battle
hardened warrior. He has green eyes, fair skin and pony-tailed red hair.
He is wearing some black leather combat boots with, "These boots are made for
stomping..all over you!", written on the tongues, an emerald inset mirmach
medallion signifying a Forester High Master, some gauntlets, some eldritch
deeplander plate armor engraved with a forester crushing the life from a large
golden kobold and a forest green metal helm with a scene of gnomes guarding the
Silver Oak.
He reminds you of a Gnomish Warlord

You see Thalion the Grey, the Paladin of Shemri. He moves with the fluid grace
of an aelfen Blademaster. His steel grey eyes seem to peer into your soul.
Dashing and debonaire, he is a true ladies man.
He is wearing some translucent crystalline armor with tiny wisps of steam
curling off it, forming strange twisting patterns, a blue cloak lined with
silver fur, some gold bracers carved with pictographs of battles and wenching,
some diamontine bracers plated with glowing red fiery gold and inset with a
shimmering rainbow diamond, a holy white albescent pin carved in the shape of a
Giant Eagle, a black velvet robe with bald patches that have come with age, a
battered ancient helm with a gleaming ruby set in the brow, a square silver
locket engraved with the emblem of Shemri, a silver dagger pendant, a beautiful
silver-edged silk scarf, a lock of black hair , braided with a single silver
strand in the midst of it, some dark brown hiking boots with brass clasps along
the sides and a blue amulet.

You see Vlad Drakulya, a man with fearsomely good looks. His face is
aligned with the classical modem of handsomeness. His eyes are piercing and
captivating despite their pale red color, and his white skin has a lustre...
He is wearing an eldritch helm, some brass framed glasses that look very
scholarly, some randar shoulder guards with a short black cape hung from the
back, a tailored black robe with a small tiger embroidered into each sleeve, a
glimmering pendant, a dark amulet with the image of a stern-faced man on the
front, a white metal amulet engraved with a cross, some gleaming black armor
with silver highlights along the smoothed seams and joints, some black leather
gloves with silvered knuckles, a delicate ring made entirely of thorns, a black
leather belt, a black silk pouch and some knee-high deeplander boots with a few
teeth marks from a baby dragon.

You see Xavria Theacratious, a mature female human.
She is short, average weight and powerfully built.
She has blue eyes, porcelain skin and pony-tailed black hair.
She is wearing some deeplander boots, an enchanted helm, some ensorcelled
leather armor, a platinum hair comb inlaid with hundreds of tiny icy blue
diamonds, a simple ring of silver inset with an achingly beautiful diamond,
some thin black randar earrings inset with cold blue sapphires, a polished
randar anklet inset with cold blue sapphires, some black silk stockings and
some long black gloves made of delicate lace.

You see Xman Xman, a young male human.
He is tall, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has brown eyes, fair skin and short light brown hair.
He is wearing some gulivira skin boots, a gulivira skin cloak, some eldritch
light mail, an ensorcelled helm and a bright green button with "Toadie for
Mayor!" written across it.
He is in Stat Herb Rehab.

You see Xond Xoff, a mature male wolfling.
He is short, average weight and robust.
He has hazel eyes, tan skin and short light brown hair.
He is wearing a sapphire blue silk sash embroidered with golden daggers, some
light chain mail gauntlets, a dark black cloak with two glowing evil eyes
surrounded by thorns embroidered across the back, an ensorcelled helm, some
enchanted light mail and some black leather boots.

You see Zhou Zhang, a young male drakin.
He is short, huge and incredibly muscular.
He has yellow eyes and his scales are jet black with crimson stripes.
He is wearing some leather boots, some ragged brown leather trousers, a long
sepia doeskin poncho, a studded collar and some steel sunglasses.
He looks silly and dry.

You see Officer Zoe Anashima, a young female human.
She has striking emerald eyes and short black hair that falls to chin-length.
She has soft polynesian features and creamy cappucino skin.
She is wearing a coral anklet, a cerulean brocade beltpouch, a black silk gown,
some leather sandals, a black organdy collar and a silver badge of the
lawkeepers.

