                      An Interview with
                       Woodrow Wilson
                    by Taliesin Pendragon

You see Woodrow Wilson, a Squire in the Temple of Amilor.
He is of medium height, average weight and incredibly muscular.
He has green eyes, tan skin and unkempt black hair.
He is wearing some deeplander boots, a golden amulet with a
silver wave inscribed on it, a glowing silver pin crafted in the 
shape of a silvery wave, some eldritch titanium armor and a
glowing pendant. 

Taliesin says, "Let's see... your title is squire. What is your
   e-mail address?" 
Woodrow says, "emdin@ibm.net"

Taliesin asks, "Okay. What is your background? How do you come
   to be in Fayd?" 
You listen carefully to Woodrow.

Woodrow says, "I was raised in the poor quarter by bitter
   parents. My father was a spice trader and my mother is a
   seamstress. I had a sister who succumbed to disease in 1019,
   my parents never got over that and felt that I was to blame
   to some degree. I have been brought up with a distrust of
   affluent people, such that respect is earned not given. I was 
   kicked out of the house when my father became disgusted with
   my lack of interest in the spice trade."

Woodrow says, "I realized after my sister's death that I must
   adventure out to make my fortune. Working in the family
   business would not suffice, this is my reason for lack of
   interest in the spice trade. I have a great deal to prove to
   my mother, who still lives today, I hope to provide her with 
   a good home in her dying years."

Woodrow says, "I regret that I could not prove my worth to my
   father, prior to his death in a spice explosion. Yes, a spice 
   explosion. I have not worked the spice trade... I do not
   understand it. I joined Amilor and hope to prove my worth to
   Father. If anyone needs any help please ask me. I am training 
   mostly in fighting skills, but have a very good success rate
   with picking locks which I hope to improve in the future."

Taliesin asks, "How long have you been in Fayd?"
Woodrow says, "I have been in Fayd 5 years now."
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "What is your favorite possession?"
Woodrow says, "Ooh, so many to choose from..."
You grin.
Woodrow opens an inky black leather satchel.
Woodrow says, "Can I have more than one?"
Taliesin nods.
Woodrow says, "Well about 3 things I really love:"
Woodrow taps a huge blonde wig which would look funny on almost
   anybody but Woodrow. 
You laugh.
Woodrow taps a dark titanium lightsabre with two projection
   coils sending sparks rippling down its energy blade. 
Taliesin nods to Woodrow.
Woodrow says, "And this one is new, not sure if I will keep it:"
Woodrow taps a funny smelling finger that Morthain matter-
   manipulted to look like Akodi's face. 
You grimace.
Taliesin says, "ugh"
Woodrow says, "I liked it before when Akodi! made it."
Woodrow says, "It used to be a funky smelly finger from Morthain 
   and don't ask why it's smelly." 
You laugh.
Taliesin says, "I won't."

Taliesin asks, "You hunt mostly in e-giants?"
Woodrow says, "Yep."
Taliesin asks, "With the lightsabre?"
Woodrow taps a fiery albescent broadsword with a decorative red
   cord attached at the hilt. 
You whistle.
Woodrow closes an inky black leather satchel.

Woodrow says, "And the lightsabre."

Taliesin asks, "Do you hunt with anyone regularly?"

Woodrow says, "Hmm, not really."
Woodrow says, "I have had Delight join me the last couple of
   days when she was bored." 

Taliesin asks, "May I ask what level you are?"
Woodrow says, "xx, about to hit xx in like 6 builds."
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Can you teach me each of your skills?"

Woodrow is now teaching Two Weapons (skill #1, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Dodging & Parrying (skill #6, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Combat Maneuvering (skill #10, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Trap & Poison Lore (skill #12, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Edged Weapons (skill #13, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Lockpicking (skill #22, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Transcendence (skill #29, up to level xx).
Woodrow is now teaching Sagecraft (skill #32, up to level xx).
Woodrow says, "And I have weapon specialization in broadsword to level xx."
Taliesin nods.

Taliesin asks, "Do you know anyone who would be a good member to 
   add to the temple?" 
Woodrow says, "Not right now."

Taliesin asks, "Is there anything the temple can do for you?"
Woodrow says, "Aside from loan me a nice sword, physically
   nothing, but to be part of a group, they can do a lot... just 
   nice to be part of something. I have been out hunting more
   than normal right now, as I have a goal to set." 
Woodrow says, "But I am not really into that unless it's for a
   purpose. I would rather hang around and talk, but I need the
   experience. So I don't." 
Taliesin nods.
Taliesin says, "I know what you mean."
Taliesin says, "I have been lax at times in gaining experience."

Taliesin asks, "What would you like to see changed in the
   temple? What can you do to change it?" 

Woodrow says, "My biggest goal is to raise gold to pay for
   cyberware." 
Taliesin asks, "Which cyberware?"

Woodrow says, "I would like to see more communication like we
   had today, Shane grabbed a few of us together, just sorta let
   everyone know what's going on, I think that if a group gets
   together someone should post on the boards a short
   description of what happened.  As far as what I can do about
   it, not much, I am too ..." 

You sigh.
Taliesin says, "I missed that."
Woodrow says, "Do you know what it was about?"
You shake your head.
Woodrow says, "Today was about the fact that Jasmine might be
   missing." 
Taliesin asks, "Missing?"
Woodrow says, "See, stuff like this should be posted!"

Woodrow says, "Well some stuff was found in a chest, a scroll
   that said please give to Shane Runyon a duster and a sceptre
   with diamonds shaped in the form of the high priestess." 

Taliesin asks, "Did Shane talk about anything else?"

Woodrow says, "Well they are not happy with what they found, and 
   suspect it might be nothing or something, earlier no one had
   seen her since the coronation." 

Woodrow says, "He was approaced and whispered to that if he does 
   some thing with going to the planes he will get an object." 
Woodrow says, "It was very cryptic."
Woodrow smiles.

Taliesin asks, "Is there an event you would like to see?"

Woodrow says, "Not really, just more like before, but I know
   that ain't gonna happen. Actually any event by me is fine, if 
   I am there. I really like them, don't have to decide what to
   do then." 
Taliesin chuckles.

Taliesin asks, "If you were to go on a tour of Andor, what parts 
   would you want to see?" 
Woodrow says, "Everthing. There are still parts in the city I
   have never been to or get lost going to. Nothing in
   particular comes to mind, but a slow tour would be good." 
Taliesin chuckles.

Taliesin says, "Tell me something amazing about yourself."
Woodrow says, "My friends think I am totally unimaginative."
Woodrow says, "Very predictable."
Woodrow says, "I am quite simply boring."

Taliesin asks, "Nothing amazing?"
Taliesin says, "Maybe I'll make something up."
You smirk.

Woodrow says, "My hobby is lockpicking, but it's not secret. The 
   finger only 2 people have seen. I punched my rabbit so it ran
   away." 

Taliesin asks, "Okay, where do you want to be in the future?
   What are your plans?" 

Woodrow says, "I would like to get the rest of my cyberware so I 
   can stop worrying about gold, and take my lockpicking and
   trap and poison lore to a level I can open most boxes instead 
   of 50 percent, still be able to hit a demon when it comes to
   town, and learn PSI." 

Taliesin asks, "What about personally? Be a knight commander?
   The mayor? Married?" 

Woodrow says, "Do not want any kids, so depends on the person
   who would propose to me.  I have no desire to be in a
   position which holds responsibility and takes me away from
   doing what I want, when I want... so no ambition in life."

                    * End of Interview *
